My daughter wanted this book and the price on Amazon was the best.
She has already tried one recipe a day after receiving the book.
I bought this zoku quick pop for my daughterr with her zoku quick maker.
She loves it and have fun to make her own ice cream.
I was hoping there were more where those came from.
This book emphasizes very sweet dessert pops, however.
There are 41 recipes in total, only 13 of which are fruit pops.
There is a "Fresh and Fruity" chapter, followed by three chapters of dessert pops entitled "I Scream for Quick Pops!", "Bake Shop", and  "Coco Loco".
As you might guess from the last one, there are 15 pop recipes that contain chocolate.Chapters on "Tips" and "Techniques" are useful.
There is more detailed information about ingredients that don't freeze well in the Zoku than is found in the instruction manual.
The pages about core pops are especially helpful, as they include recipes for pink, purple, and orange outer layers for brightly-colored core pops.
Many, including the recipe for a vanilla base, call for vanilla pudding, where vanilla Greek yogurt would do just as well.
On the bright side, many of these recipes may appeal to children, whereas most pop books that I have seen are geared more to adults.
There are flavors like "Cookie Dough", "That's a S'more", chocolate peanut butter, and peanut butter and jelly.
Most of the fruit recipes are gimmicky and contain too many ingredients.
The recipe for Lemonade pops contains orange juice, which is fine, but the addition of vanilla extract kills the fresh fruit flavor.
The recipe for mango pops includes orange, apple, banana and lemon, which are too many competing flavors.
Mango and orange together make a terrific pop.
The book is great for chocolate lovers and those looking for dessert pop recipes.
For fruit pop recipes, "Top Pops" by Emily Zaiden is far better.
This book is a must have if you get a Zoku (which I also highly recommend).
There is a large variety of recipes from simple, to fancy.
The flavor combos are creative, and it gives you ideas for decorating the pops too.
They turn out as beautiful as they are tasty.
After reading it you will be inspired to create your own recipes too.
I have really enjoyed reviewing all of the recipes.
Sure - some are more difficult than others, but there is a nice variety in this book.
For me it was totally worth it just to get the quick shell recipes alone.
We have only tried the chocolate so far, but it is so tasty.
Also, it has great instructions for tips on using the Zoku.
This book is so beautifully illustrated and easy to follow.
It helps you to understand the Zoku better.
It might have been even better if they made the recipe units for different sized molds.
These recipes produce too much for a single mold unit.
It would have been nice if they used a matrix for the ingredients like on a box of rice.
I am just math lazy and bought a single mold Zoku.
Dividing 3/4 of a cup, 3 tablespoons or 3 1/2 tablespoons is kind of dicey in my kitchen.
The Zoku accessories are pricey, but the recipes have the exact amount you need to make the pops.
I have made it through 15 varieties so far, and I like them all.
Clear and helpful information, and then some superb recipe suggestions clearly outlined.
The recipes in this books are tedious to make.
I found that easier and simpler recipes can be found online.
I had no problem with the recipes online working in the Zoku maker.
This beautifully illustrated book featuring ten colorful,glittery butterflies is a favorite at our house.
I got this as a gift for my niece and she loved it.
It's a super cute book and ill be getting it for any other nieces that may come along.
This is the story of a group of butterflies looking for a place to sleep.
The colors and the butterflies, and the cute story all were a hit.
A brilliant bedtime story with vibrant colors and gorgeous illustrations.
Each page teaches a different color and the illustrations boldly burst with that color.
, is how the book starts off and we are then led all around this color dreamland.
The butterflies in the book are popped out and sparkly.
As we turn each page the color butterfly we are reading about disappears.
Each page mentions the color twice and an animal.
The last page reunites all the butterflies and the colorful animals as we say goodnight...My daughter loved this book since she was 4 months old.
The colorful illustrations keep her interested and she likes to grab at the popped up butterflies.
A delightful story I enjoy reading again and again.
My daughter 1 year old really likes this book.
I bought it because of its similarity to the 10 little ladybugs book.
It has the same sort of colorful illustrations and I like it better as the ladybugs are not as pretty as the sparkly butterflies.
I would say it was one of her very favorites when she was young.
For a novice cake decorator who got talked into making her son's wedding cake, Wilton makes lovely cake decorating accessories to help with every step.
For a first wedding cake, it was amazing with Wilton's help!  This book is a must have for newbies like me.
I should not have bought it because it comes free from my cake decorating class.
Oh well, at least I gave the other copy to my sister.
i added an image of a cake i made according to this book lessons, which i advice anyone who is interested; to get this book.
excellent book, shipped on time, packaged nicely, helpful tips in the book, good price.
Very good experience, very happy with the product and vendor.
don't use it much but when i had it's been useful.
I recommend it to all who wants to learn how to decorate cakes.
Good book for beginners who need step by step instructions and guidance.
Got this for my girlfriend who runs a baking business and she said it was handy to have for a reference book.
She said it is handy to have when thinking of decorating ideas.
I'm hoping that I can learn how to make gum paste flowers to perfection for my daughters wedding, and maybe a few other cakes.
This 128 page book contains pictures and patterns for 38 tiered cakes.
It gives you instructions on how to assemble cakes on stands, pillars or stacked construction.
It also contains recipes for basic scratch cakes in white, yellow, chocolate, strawberry, and banana.
It also has the recipes for standard Wilton Icings, fillings, glazes, fondant (not the tasty marshmallow kind), color flow, gum paste, and candy clay.
There are tips for baking, leveling, torting, filling and icing the cakes.
It also gives some instruction on how to cover a cake with fondant.
There are suggestions for transporting tiered cakes, calculating servings per cake and cutting guides.
The book also includes patterns and instructions for various decorations.
As with all Wilton books, the last few pages detail products you can buy from them to duplicate all the designs in the book.
The problem is that some of these items don't seem to be available on their web site any more.
Still, it's a great idea book and I'm sure you can find acceptable substitutes for a lot of the items.
The first class is a demonstration by the instructor on how to put together a tiered cake.
The second class is where we bring in our own cakes and learn how to stack or pillar them.
It's a great way to top off the other four classes.
I am very happy I purchased this book as it containes so much great information and time saving tips.
This book isn't much help if you are not taking the wilton cake decorating classes.
you can get the basics but its really just a visual for the class!.
I have always wanted to learn how to decorate a beautiful cake, and I purchased this guidebook along with The Wilton Pastry bag kit.
I do, however, agree that this book did appear to be an advertisment for thier products, but the guide was helpful nonetheless.
This lesson plan is perfect for a beginner and definitely helped introduce working with fondant in a user-friendly way.
Each and every little hint that helps you to make your flowers appear real is in this book! You cannot go wrong with this book.
You will find yourself reading it over and over, makign flowers over and over.
You will see that your self-esteem will roar! People, co-workers, family members, friends will be dazzled and amazed -- and so will YOU.
It cannot be purchased from Wilton (which is a real crying shame).
I think Wilton is afraid that if they sell the book, they will miss out of selling classes, but not so.
Having bakes/cooked since the age of 9, I really didn't feel it was necessary but boy was I surprised.
I learned more in my first class than I had in years of teaching.
Wilton honestly needs to sell these lesson plans.
Not only will receive money from the classes, but they will also make money from the books.
Why would a company prefer their customers buy their books from someone else??? I've not figured that out.
Getting back to this lesson book...you will be extremely, extremely happy.
Your income will increase for making beautiful live-appearing flowers that you sell on your cakes.
Please try it...you cannot fail!!! Best book ever on making and decorating flowers!!.
This dvd is a must for any cake decorator.
It is presented in short and easy to understand segments.
It works great for the beginner or as a quick refresher.
The instructor did an outstanding job of both explaining and demostrating?.
I loved the book, very complete, detailed, clear instructions and easy to learn procedures.
It is a comprehensive guide, useful for success in the art of pastry.
This has certainly improved my cake decorating knowledge as a pure novice.
I will now purchase the other books so I can learn more.
Even this is the 2nd course, it is easy to follow.
I don't sell cakes but make them for friends and family.
This is only a hobby so I don't make cakes everyday.
I can pick this book up and follow the directions and get great results.
I recommend this book most highly with its inspiring and easy-to-follow instructions.
My local craft shop did not offer the fondant course when I wanted to take it so I decided to teach myself.
I followed the lessons in the book and my fondant cakes have improved greatly.
I would definitely recommend not only buying this book, but seeing how much you can teach yourself before spending the money on the class.
Shows several types of simple, easy to perform techniques.
I would recommend this item to anyone! Works great for baking! I would buy again.
I got this for my daughter in law.
Is shows how to use all the tools in the kit.
I bought this book to help me out with decorating cakes and cupcakes as a beginner.
I have found this book to be an excellent reference for the first time decorator.
I ended up buying two different tips that did not come with my cake decorating set, that I have found very useful.
I bought the cake curved spatulas, from Amazon,that work very well.
I also bought the bench knife, and found a 16" cake lifter, and a 18" cake leveler.
I got all these great ideas from this book.
I bought other things in the book from Amazon, however, the list goes on too long to keep mentioning everything.
My youngest daughter requested this as a gift.
She was very happy with it and I may buy another one for my middle daughter.
I saw this book at Target and flipped through it.
Cake decorating has always been a hoby for me.
This book is excellent for us self taught decorators.
It is a basic book for beginners and it is easy to understand.
It has a lot of ideas and I recommend it.
The Book is very easy to read and follow it breaks down working with fondant and Gum Paste very Simple.
I loved all the information I found in this book, very good ideas and pictures I recommend it to new beginners.
I am thoroughly enjoying being able to learn at my own pace.
Also, not ordering next book until I finish each book.
Very motivating and thoroughly entertaining to all who are subjected to guessing what I actually made.
I love Wilton books they are always so attractive and enjoyable to browse through.
Still I have learned so much about cake decorating from them.
GREAT FOR BEGINING!! has all the things you need there are very few things i dont use from this kit !! would recommend!.
This is more of a packing review than a review of product.
The book does what it's intended to do.
It came in 24 hours so I was grateful for that.
This book is great for beginner fondant makers.
I was able to follow the instructions and tips and they helped a lot.
i learned how to make butter cream roses out of this book, very nice step by step instructions, easy to follow.
This book is amazing! I love how Wilton publishes books for every stage of baking! This book is a must have for beginers!.
I was a little disappointed in this book when I first got it.
There is a helpful section called "The Perfect Cupcakes; How to bake, ice and decorate", and there are about six pages of recipes.
Just don't expect anything sophisticated looking in it OR that many silly-feet ideas.
Maybe this one was an earlier print, but my classmates and instructor's course booklets were a few pages different.No biggie though.
This lesson plan is a great companion to the Wilton decorating classes.
I would consider myself an intermediate level decorator, and very good at self-study on many topics.
This book was recommended by my cake decorating instructor.
If you want to get started on cake decorating this is the book for you!.
I have never been a good cake decorator.
It has always been just out of reach.
This book made me say &#34;duh&#34; in my head so many times it's embarrassing.
It really breaks it down and simplifies some of the basic techniques for noobies (like myself).
Lots of interesting and helpful information for a beginner.
My daughter loves to bake and this will give her a opportunity to create much more.
Easy to follow even for a clutz like me! Very informative and the instructions are straight forward.
Im new to cake decorating so I have really enjoyed this book.
There is step by step instructions for different designs and ideas and lots of hints and tricks for working with fondant and gumpaste.
Bought this book when I was hyped up and excited about baking and decorating cakes.
Although the designs are very outdated, it is very informative and I enjoy taking it out to view on occasion.
She said it has good instructions and pictures and was helpful.
I recently purchased Colette's Cakes which is also wonderful, but so much of it is advanced, and I'm just not there.
This book sticks to basics which, for me, is essential to focus.
If I see to much detail I tend to become frustrated and over anxious.
The paper is a bit thin and will need some support or will probably not hold up very well.
Nothing a little clear contact paper can't cure though, so no big deal.
I've always loved cake decorating, ever since I took my first Wilton class.
Gum Paste and Fondant seemed beyond my capabilities but when I saw this book I decided to give it a try.
The book is very easy to follow with lots of step by step pictures.
It's a lot of fun but, I admit, a bit frustrating.
No matter how closely I follow the steps, my creations never turn out exactly like the pictures.
I think part of the problem is that I'm a perfectionist at heart but....grrrr.....I can't fault the book, as all Wilton Lesson Plans, it's great.
THIS WAS EYE CATCHING AND WHEN I ORDERED IT I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.
I learned a few tricks from this book.
I am new to baking nice looking stuff.
This helped me become a better decorator and got courses 2,3 and 4 as well.
Took class years ago, using this as a refresher before starting a cake.
Sometimes a video is faster than a book.
What a great book to help you get started on learning to decorate cakes.
I am trying my best to get into FONDANT and THIS book has motivated me to try harder and harder.
This short-but-sweet (ha) book gives all the basic information you need to get started with cake decorating.
It shows how to make a number of shapes with the icing, an icing recipe, and has lots of helpful illustrations.
If you can learn from just looking at a page on a book with a few written details, it will teach you without expensive classes.
But if you are using in addition to the class, all good too.
Keep it handy to look back at once in a while as a resource.
The book is full of color pictures so very well illustrated and the directions are clear and easy to follow.
I also bought the class kit to go with it and it works great.
would recommend for people wanting to learn how to do this on their own at home without a class.
I needed this for my third Wilton's class, and it was cheaper on Amazon.com than in the store.
It's part of the curriculum, so it's required.
Whether it is good for skill development or not, I take my classes very seriously, and get alot out of them.
I also believe in checking prices everywhere for the class supplies.
Amazon was cheapest, and I received it in 2 days, free shipping, Amazon prime.
I really like all the helpful information in this book.
It even has a recipe to make your own buttercream icing.
I'm glad I purchased this item on amazon.com.
This is a small simple book but tons of basic information on baking.
I really loved the graphs regarding the piping tips - I have so many of them but never knew what exactly do they do.
So that was really nice to figure out everything on the chart with the pipe tip number!.
I do have some background in cake design, but this really helped me take it all to the next level.
I still need lots of practice with flowers so this is perfect for me.
I would have liked a few more tips and a bit more direction, but on the whole it was worth the money.
I use to cake decorate as a kid in 4H, this book was a great refresher.
Helps me make gorgeous cupcakes for friends and family.
This book shows you how to decorate different items.
It explains the in's and outs of doing it.
THis book has been real helpful to my daughter.
She is just starting out and has made some really good flowers with this book.
The product was very easy to use and it will have you making some beautiful decorations of flowers and other decorations.
I highly recommend this seller for their speedy and excellent product.
I purchased this book without taking the course.
Cake decorating classes in my area are almost nonexistent so I have to be self taught.
Lots of pictures and detailed instructions will guide you through the beginning of cake decorating.
I have almost every Wilton Yearbook since 1977.
I still use them and review the back issues frequently for ideas.
I do do not like the newer issues as much because I do not care for fondant, so I love the older books.
On the whole, I like this book very much.
Sure enough, it made it easier to do everything, there was less hardening and bumps, and everything looked prettier.
great book, so many fun ideas..can't wait to get startedgreat product, fast shipping.I love the Wilton books and will keep buying them.
with four kids I'm really getting into doing their own cakes for their birthdays.
Learned alot and looking forward to creating the wonderful creations they show on the book.
I'm a Star Wars fan and I bought this with the intention of using it for groceries but it turned into my new diaper bag.
It's huge! I can fit everything i need in it where before I had my diaper bag and another bag and my purse.
It has started to come apart on the side but I can sew it or order a new one it's so cheap.
I got this for my bf and he loves it.
The stitches on the sides failed so I had to re-stitch it.
That held well but then the plastic lining on the sides ripped.
My bf used it daily for several months before I had to replace it.
Overall a good product but wish it was better made.
This makes a great reusuable gift bag for the Star Wars Fan.
Well made and fun design for fans of the original movie.
The art work is nice and the print is very clear.
It is easy to use & works very well.
I like the auto turn off so you dont run your battery out.
The only drawback is that the buttons are very small.
I would love to have the same product with bigger buttons.
it replaced a franklin spelling corrector i had  since 1989.i don't like the plastic case.
i broke a fingernail trying to open it.i purchased the new corrector because the characters were more readable than the older model's characters.
It has ten thousand words in it's data base.
It's quick to check things and it also stores all her friends' phone numbers, etc.
Fun and easy to use, there are more and more of them appearing in the classroom now.
Works well but wish the display was just a bit larger.
For the money it does what I want and I would buy it again.
I used to date this girl who loved Scrabble.
So, by association, I had to as well!  We used to play a lot - even with her Grandmother.
I thought this was a dumb way to play Scrabble, at first, but then I came to love it.
If you're all "cheating", then it becomes a different game - the strategy changes.
Too bad I had to dump her for being utterly insane! (I'm sure she was bipolar-scitzophrenic or some variant thereof).
I kept the Franklin Spelling Corrector!  Still have it to this day!.
Demo must be cleared every time you turn it on.
Slow if input is incorrect & may require a crazy input to get proper spelling.
This one seems to be made better than my Seiko spell check.
I like the cover on it as well.
If you are a crossword addict you need this product.
It works for my daughter, accurately finding words that she has no clue how to spell (e.g., "becuz" immediately found "because").
The one that arrived was black; she and I would have preferred the blue that was pictured.
I love to do crossword puzzles and this is a fun product to help me find or figure out those impossible clues.
Yeah I know you can cheat and check out online answers but I prefer to challenge my grey matter.
I had one of these for years before it finally died (even with replacing battery it stopped working properly/easily).
This was perfect for propping up textbooks so that I could take notes.
This book stand is highly adjustable and functional.
It works great for most moderately sized hardcovers and paperbacks.
For overtly thick professional books you may have to consider The Easi-Reader Bookstand which is much studier.
Holds my law books up perfectly! The stand Also allows you to turn the pages for easy reading and use.
Had my doubts that this would hold a 300 page paper back book because it's kinda thick and therefore stiff.
SIMPLE  BIG BOOK or small book it holds them all and the design allows for easy page turning.
I am using it to take notes for study.
Bought a much bigger holder at twice the expense and returned it.
This is a very versatile book stand that is easy to carry around and easy to store.
It is ideal for smaller books and for those readers who don't need variety of reading angles.
However, it can accommodate larger books as long as you are a bit careful how you use it.
In addition to books, it works really well with a variety of electronic book readers and the new generation of tablet computers.
I've used it with myKindle Wireless Reading Device (6" Display, Global Wireless, Latest Generation)and iPad.
The first holder that I bought broke after a few months of use.
It will hold your book where your want it to be.
It will save your neck and keep you hands free to take notes or whatever as you read.
I just keep it in my backpack at all times.
It handles my 1000 page law books, so no worries in that department.
I see other people clunking around those huge, expensive wood book stands.
I bought one for myself and everybody that sees it loves it.
It's very light and easy to carry around.
I like mine so much, I bought extra ones to give as Christmas present to my mom and other family members.
Holds even my Big study Bible well, and let me write my notes below it.
Great for Students.Looks too small to support a big book, but it does, and folds up light into my backpack.
I've used plate holders and even copy stands from the stationary store in the past, but this is the Real McCoy.
Quite steady when used with a medium to large size book.
For small softcover I would use something else though!.
I use this for everything from propping up cookbooks in the kitchen to reading hardcovers at my desk while eating my lunch.
Most recently I've been using it for my Kindle 2.
Works great for everything, but a little tricky for some paperbacks because they slip around a little bit.
It does work best with the average-sized hardcover (think novel- sized).
Folds up nice and fits well in a drawer or in the front pocket of my backpack.
Sturdy while not impeding the process of actually reading/viewing the book.
This mug is fantastic, it washes well, has a good weight, and can double as a nifty negotiation tool.
I've been eying this cup for awhile now and finally broke down and purchased it.
Great concept but finger holes seriosly too small.
I bought this for my boyfriend and he just loved it!It was really good quality for the money.Very cool mug.
The finger holes are a little small and hard to release the cup if you use all 4 holes.
Just use the top two  and the large hole with three fingers and it works great.
Was a little smaller then expected but over all good product, durable and very cute.
This is as described but for some reason, I was still expecting it to be a little larger.
I purchased it with the intention of using it when making my daughter's lunch - cutting cheese slices, sandwiches, cucumbers, etc.
It's the perfect size for what I wanted.
This cookie cutter is perfect for use with fondant and making impressions in buttercream icing to be traced over.
At first it seemed off, meaning it was lopsided when placed on the table, but I was able to straighten that out.
I received it super fast considering it came from across the country!  Overall, I'm pleased with the item and the seller.
It's a little small but  that's OK (keeps  one from overeating too many cookies.
Seems very solid and Ithink it will last.
Have not yet used it but the cookies are sure to be micro.
I really like these ice trays, because they for one have a cover and therefore prevents any freezer odors from getting in.
Also, they stack nicely on top of one another.
Another thing I like is the Purple color lids.
I would definitely recommend these to my friends.
I don't use many ice cubes, and they would evaporate form the tray before I used any.
When I first discovered this Tupperware ice cube tray, I was delighted.
The ice stays large even with a frost free refrigerator.
These are by far better and less messy.
They do work very well and a little water on the bottom pops them right out! A great product!.
These ice trays are awesome!  Highly recommend!!  Keeps ice contained and fresh!!!  Definitely worth purchasing even if they cost a little more than other brands.
I have used the same ones for over 10 years and they still aren't showing any signs of wear.
I purchased these to freeze baby puree and they work great.
With the covers, the puree will not be contaminated by other odors in the freezer.
The cubes come out easily too, just need a twist by holding both ends of the tray and they will loosen up.
I prefer these citrus peelers to using a knife to peel oranges and grapefruit.
It's safer and easier to pack in a lunchbox.
These disappear in my house the way socks do, so I'm glad to have a half dozen of them.
I like the handle length on these and the added bonas of not having to use my nails for the pith removal.
I have had the finger ring style, Already gave 2 away, Hope I don't loose them in DW.
Months later we are still using this inexpensive set of citrus peelers to help kids peel their oranges in our school lunchroom.
These are great - like we used to get at parties but different colors.
These are handy items so I was glad to find them.
They were a fun item for our Christmas stockings.
I needed just one more of these but this set was too good to pass up.
I like having more that one color too.
This allows me to score an orange before slicing off the rind to make perfect garnishes for mixed drinks.
if you have never used one of these to peel an orange or any citrus you do not know what you are missing.
they last for ever and work every time.
I always seem to lose my orange peeler.
Good product but when all colors are shown, that is what I thought I was buying.
These do what I expect them to do, which is to provide an excellent seal and be durable.
A little pricey but can't argue for the quality.
They are useful for storing small objects such as buttons, beads, scrapbooking items, paperclips, and similar items.
At Tupperware parties, the Hostess recommends running the lids under hot water to loosen them up so they fit easily.
If you do this, then they work well for carrying aspirin or vitamins.
I had looked high and low for a 1 ounce souffle cup and lid set for our lunchboxes.
The only ones I could find were disposable, and I strive to make our lunches completely trash free.
Most containers aren't big enough to hold them.
These are perfect.* They have plenty of room - I don't have to methodically arrange my vitamins to allow the lid to close.
I estimate these will hold around 20 big vitamins.
9/9/11 Update: I just attached an image showing this with 16 vitamins.
I think it would hold 20 if you work at it.
The bonus is that a snug lid means I don't worry about them opening and spilling my vitamins.
Nice!My daughter loves these in her purse, too.The uses are practically endless (aspirin, gum, paper clips, skittles :)HIGHLY Recommended!.
With this container they can get them any time and I don't have to worry about them dropping the glass jar.
It's great to carry on picnics or to the lake.
very convenient, draining feature is great & goodcapacity.
if only it wasn't colored so you could see the contents a little better & know what wasin there.
i have a bunch of these in my fridge, & it's always trial and error findng the olives, pickles, sundried tomatoes  artichokes.
i get there in the end, but if you could see the contents better, cooking would be faster!.
It holds jalepeno peppers and make it easy to access them - 'cause the jars are not user friendly!.
Works great for storing anything you need to keep submerged in liquid in the fridge.
I typically use mine to store celery in water.
we make pickled eggs, also known here as red beet eggs.
The square shape makes it fit neatly in the back corner of my fridge.
The lid fits well; the strainer is sturdy.
I've had mine for five to ten years, and it is still good as new.
She had her red beets eggs in a jar, which cracked spilling red juice all over the bottom of her firidge.
I have used mine to store asparagus with the ends in water to keep it fresh.
I think this would also work to marinate a few pieces of chicken.
I also know someone who uses hers, without the strainer, to store brown sugar.
This container is larger than the one that I had previously.
It will hold a 1/2 gallon of home made pickles with the liquid easily.
Keeps them fresh and makes it easy to get your pickles out instead of having to leave them in the jar they were canned in.
Great set to start with or to fill in the gaps.
No frill, and no damage after months of use.
I like the three pronged forks; it's fun and different.
These are good because they are inexpensive, but they are not the most aesthetically pleasing and are very light weight.
we have the bowls, cups, and plates from ikea and love them all.
They are a great quality, perfect size, and the thicker weight of the plastic makes them feel just right when holding them.
The lip/edge is curved enough so it doesn't feel sharp.
They also have a pretty wide base, which I imagine helps them tip over less.
My 2 year old does good with them, and I like to drink juice out of them as well.
These don't quite make the dimension, and are a bit smaller than I was hoping for.
However, I love the colors, and haven't had a problem with spilling yet.
This is the double set, so you get two of each color for a total of 12 cups.
They are not very translucent, if that matters.
These are great to bring up to the pool since they are plastic.
They are small, but perfect size for a glass of red wine or any drink.
They are definitely &#34;kid cups&#34; but suitable for adult drinks as well.
(ages 2-8)  Bigger kids are okay, but they really work size wise for the young kids.
I was doubtful about getting two sets of these, but I am glad I did.
They don't hold all that much fluid so if there is a spill...and there is ALWAYS a spill...it isn't so bad.
I put them in the dishwasher on the top shelf.
We've had a couple left in weird places that ended up holding science experiments but they washed up just fine.
they are the perfect size for kids to they don't get to much of whatever they are drinking.
They wash nicely in the dishwasher, and the colors are vibrant.
You get 12 small tumblers in this order, they are just as they appear in the picture.
They are sturdy, IKEA quality, they will last years.
I like the matte texture that acts as a grip agent on the bottom half of each cup.
They are not BIG cups, but that is actually perfect for my students.
With grandchildren, this is the perfect combination of colorful and functional.
I bought two sets and had my daughter take one home for their use at home.
We bought these before and have lost them over the last year or so.
I reordered because I trust these cups.Easy wash, comes out of the dishwasher without being tweaked by the heat.
Good size for children's hands under age 8 and holds enough to satisfy a child's thirst.
The ribbed bottom helps prevent slipping through little fingers too.Overall, really like this product!.
I was looking for tumblers to replace the use of paper cups in the bathroom.
Unfortunately, these were a bit too small for what I had intended.
They appear to be well made and were helpful when I had visitors with little kids.
with 6 grandchildren, these are perfect and easy to find in the grass:)  They are sturdy and just the right size for little hands.
We assigned each family member a color, and purchased 3 sets.
They are wonderful, and they don't tip over due to the proper design of the weight distribution of the liquid.
For any person over 6, you need to drink 2 cups of water to feel like you had one cup.
The metal is a little more thin than I imagined but it is cute.
Easily bendable, it can become hard to close, but it can be bent back into position.
Got this for my daughter for Christmas (2 year old) and she loves it.
She's at the age where putting things in to boxes and taking them out can occupy her for some time.
She loves putting little treasures in here and taking them all over the place.
The size of the box is like that of a metal lunch box.
We haven't had any problems with it and it is quite durable for a play date.
I like it, but the material it was made can bend easily.
My son love it it match with his collection.
My son is a huge Curious George fan and one of his favorite stories is the one where Curious George Rides a Bike.
So, it couldn't be a better lunch box for him.
My grandson loves Curious George and he like to carry things like this around.
I think he will love and and put some of his animals and other things in it.
I got this so I am able to carry snacks on the weekends.
We are never home so when I saw this I had to get this.
First our toddler loves curious George and second it was just darling.
Best part so easy to clean with just a wipe.
It's perfect in size not too big or small.
Kids are really into Curious George so they love this tin box to keep all their &#34;stuff&#34; inside.
I already have one of these I had purchased a year ago on Amazon, and, I absolutely love it.
It does a great job chopping onions, pecans, tomatoes, cilantro, etc.
I ordered this one for my daughter, and, she loves it.
I use this mini a lot more than I use my food processor.
The size works great, especially when baking!  I highly recommend!.
Was a little skeptical of how this would hold up.
It gets much more use than the larger cuisinart.
Besides myself being a Cuisinart snob, I will say that I wouldn't use any other product in my kitchen.
This does a wonderful job on small jobs such as pestos, or making peanut butter.
This one chops very good specially garlics, onions, etc.
As usual Amazon did it's thing and got this mini chopper out to us in a jiffy.
Yep, it do a mighty fine job and with very little effort! Sliced 1" thick and quartered a nice size purple union.
Zap, zap, zap with the neat lever and wa-la, fine chopped union with no juice.
Took three sweet pickles and zap, zap, zap again and got finely chopped pickles with no juice, ya-hooo.
Hummmm, gotta get out tha Gum-mbo pot now.
Get to tha store and get some assorted goodies.
Hey, it's File Gumbo time and I'm gonna be "King of tha Kitchen" again.
Now ladies, sorry! Your he-man is gonna lay claim to this here "power tool" "toy" for himself, lol.
Yes, and it's a dandy looking little thing too.
Long life, who knows, but today it's a gooood life! It do seem to be sturdy and solid enough for a long life.
Bought this for my Mother who had her version from about 8-9 years ago finally die out.
This purchase was a replacement for the one the kids broke trying to operate it.
I liked it enough to purchase it twice.
I also own a large food processor (also a Cuisinart) that I use for substantial tasks like making bread dough, slicing vegetables, etc.
It has performed very well at all of these tasks and years later, still has lots of power and cleans up beautifully.
It is fantastic and I could not say enough wonderful things about it.That said, I do have a couple of caveats.
The first is that I would never buy it as a primary food processor.
It is just too small for normal tasks.
Even when I am making something in a small quantity like a dip I typically find it is too much size-wise for this processor.
Using it in an application like this would take forever.
However, it's great for doing basic chopping tasks because it is so easy and light to pull out onto the counter and efficient.
I also love how the stainless steel look coordinates with my appliances and other gadgets.
Overall it is a great product and if it ever dies I am likely to replace it with another Cuisinart.
Bought this to replace an old Mini Cuisinart Processor that was worn out (it was about 12 years old).
Love the red color, matches my toaster and coffee pot.
Use it for small jobs instead of dragging out the big food processor.
I have to puree my veggies and fruits.
I am a fanatic about kitchen appliances, specifically Cuisinart.
Not only was I not disappointed, but this has become my most-used kitchen appliance.
I can mince garlic, make guacomole, turn garbanzos into hummus, and perform a host of other useful tasks.
It is perfect if you want to make something quick, and don't won't to drag out the heavier, full-sized food processors.
But, it's better to do smoothies in a blender anyways.
Got this over a year ago for my mom in law and it's still doing its job! :) Fantastic.Good for salsas, sauce and more.
He brought this home and well, I've been loving it ever since.
I do mostly use it for onions, but it is wonderful for spices and nuts too.
I don't like the way it cleans up, however, it can be a little much when you do onions.
You HAVE to put it in the dishwasher for sure if you do onions because the plastic definitely holds the odor.
Wish it was glass! Great machine for the money and I highly recommend it.
chops evenly and clean up is a breeze.
I've been using this almost daily for about a month.
Easy to use, easy to clean, and looks nice on the counter.
No real complaints, except that the bowl feels kind of thin, like it would crack easily.
I own a full-size Cuisinart food processor and another mini (a cheap-o brand) and the bowls on those feel much sturdier.
I hope I'm wrong about the bowl, but I guess only time will tell.
My only complaint at this point is that this little mini-prep does not have a feed tube.
Obviously I knew this when I purchased it, but hindsight is 20/20.
This mini-prep-processor is the second Cuisinart product I have bought from Amazon.
The first was a refurbished convection toaster oven.
The careful engineering and attractive, simple design of both products impress me.
Avoid Black & Decker in the kitchen is my conclusion.
Anyway...this Little Honey, that's what I call him, arrived the day before Thanksgiving.
Before that I'd only used the B/D to pulverize cat food twice a day.
The cats spit out meat or fish pieces they'd have to chew.
Waste of money, so they get instant grind instead.What good timing! I put that Little Honey right to work.
I get more use out of it than my large food processor down in the cupboards somewhere.
That is after the recommended 10 to 12 seconds, alternating between Lo and Hi speeds.
I needed a way to liquify single servings of food to provide nutrition through my mother's feeding tube.
She does not tolerate the commercial nutrition, but does well with her customary food.
I tried using a blender, but the end result was inconsistent for bolusing through a feeding tube even after adding additional liquid.
I read the reviews for this and other mini Cuisinarts and decided to try the "cheaper" one.
I am impressed with its performance, ease of use and compact size.
It is clearly worth the small price I paid.
I most like the ports in the top for slowly introducing liquids.
It is perfect for my intended use, and I can envision how to use it in cooking.
This little baby is a must for any kitchen, from making salad dressings and marinades to salsas.
Just big enough that I use it for most of my food processor chores; rarely do I need to take out the big processor.
Quality food processor which is just the right size for the small batches needed by a couple.
You don't need to process a large amount most of which would spoil before it was all used.
Works great for small jobs including powdering some spices.
I also flip the blade over and shred onions with it.
If you fill it up too full it will not work well.
It is also very easy to clean up.
We received this for free when we purchased our Cusinart convention toaster oven.
We've used it to make small amounts of pesto or garlic sauce.
We've also used it to grind up fresh bread to make bread crumbs.
Given it's size, we had to feed it one slice at a time, but that was fine since the recipe did not require a lot.
So for small items, it's does a good job.We have noticed an electric burning smell if it's turned on for too long.
It's annoying, but not too bothersome.We have a 20 year old full size Cuisinart Food Processor that's still going strong.
The motor is very strong, the blade very sharp.
If your typical job, like mine, is chopping small items in smaller quantities, this is perfect.
It takes up a lot less space on the counter, too.The unit comes in steel color and white.
Before you buy a food processor, consider what you typically process.
If you do coffee, smoothies, pesto, chopped herbs and nuts and salsa, this may just be enough, saving you dollars and space.
I was a bit leery about this model and hesitated given the price.
Pesto, bread crumbs (including a batch of WAY overbaked croutons that were rock hard), spices, coffee beans, graham cracker crust (for a very tiny pie).
This is a great size, easy to operate, beautiful look on the counter.
The warranty is the very odd number of 18 months, so you get the idea it's not supposed to be a workhorse.
But used as recommended, I'm sure mine will last "forever".
I had one of these which i burned the motor out on a few years ago.
Kept using the mini processor attachment on my blender ntil today.
Bought this same model in stainless at Big Lots for $29.
So glad to have this back in my kitchen once again.
I may never have to pull out my large 11 cup Cuisinart (1992) ever again.
I received this as a present and was convinced I wouldn't find a use for it.
Much to my surprise I love it!  It sets on the counter next to my DLC7-Pro.
It is a whiz for chopping a cup ful of nuts for a recipe, making quick bread crumbs for meatloaf, chopping herbs and making dressings.
The blade reverses for chopping or mixing so make sure to have the side up you want for the task at hand.
It is easy to use and a breeze to clean.
I just pop the soiled parts in the dishwasher and forget it.
I would not want to be a day with out this tiny wonder.
This does a good job of pureeing things for my mother and it takes up relatively little counter space.
I can rinse the parts quickly and easily after I've prepared one food and move directly on to the next course.
This is a MINI processor, and that's why I bought it...NOT to do the big jobs, I have the "big boy" to do that.
I do like the how handy it is to do the small jobs, so I don't have to use the big one.
I use it a lot to make home made dressing.
Clean up is easy and quick, as is the machine.
It will scar the bowl if you try to grind hard spices, etc.
I bought this item specifically for grinding spices and herbs for indian cooking.
It does a fairly decent job with the spices although you need to have at least 1/4 cup for it to work well.
As to the herbs perhaps I'm doing something wrong but it did not do as well.
The herbs that were above the blade stayed put and it took a lot of scraping the bowl to get them chopped up.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter in law.
She has used it a few times and loves it.
I have had this cuisinart for about 2 years now, and it is still going strong.
It is also perfect for grinding cookies for pie crusts.
And the size means you don't have to be using a large volume to get great results.
Recommended by my sister and now I can too.
I use this all the time to chop up nuts, grate hard cheeses, and make small batches of hot sauces.
Works well when you don't want to pull the full sized food processor out and assemble it and then clean it afterward.
It'll chop a good sized onion up to start a pasta sauce, or a couple of hot peppers for a finishing to a stir fry.
Very handy and pretty well built even for couple time per week usage year after year.
I replaced my original mini-prep with this item after the plastic housing on the steel knife split.
The first one lasted about ten years, and I used it quite often, tho it was not abused.
I lost my old one when I moved, and I tried a few different types, but I was never happy.
I use it pretty much every day and it never fails me.
I had a smaller chopper of a different brand but wanted one that had a little larger bowl.
Great for chopping smaller amount of veggies and stuff.
Does what the big ones do only with smaller amounts.
I like that it does not have a long chute sticking up on the lid.
It pulses nicely and chops up garlic and onions quickly.
I also liked that it had 2 speeds and you could pulse.
I bought it for its small size to put in my camper, but liked it so much it has a place in the house.
I crush dry beans and dog kibble easily and fast.
Have no need to process large amounts at a time as it would not stay fresh.
This one works nicely, efficently and cleans up so easily.
Easy to use, clean and is versitile for wet foods and dry foods.
I would purchase it again for gifts if need to.
We have purchased many food processors over the years.
I saw this on a cooking show and immediately bought one.
Best small processor ever!!  Others do not pick up all of the pieces off the bottom of the processor.
This one picks up everything and creates a smooth blend of everything.
Buy one for yourself and pass them out to the kids as Christmas presents!.
I am a quadriplegic with very little hand dexterity and find cutting and chopping extremely difficult and time consuming.
A good friend gave me one of these as a gift in the 1980s.
I have processed things as soft as olives to as hard as almonds, and this machine tackles them all very nicely and clean-up in easy.
I bought this unit to replace one I had purchased in 1995 or 1996.
I ordered the new Black Chrome finish and it really is lovely.
It is made (and tells you so in the instructions) to be used continuously for no longer than one minute.
If you pulse it properly and don't just leave it running, it is fine.
This processor is the one I keep under the kitchen cabinet to be used to make small amounts of sauces,finely chop up garlic,chilies, etc.
I haven't had any problems with the old one because I did that very thing when it first arrived.
It is the perfect compliment to the larger processors and I would highly recommend it.
For such an inexpensive price I think it is worth it!.
A time for every seasoning......and a utensil for every purpose.
The Cuisinart Mini Prep does not serve well as a primary processor for heavy jobs.
That was not its intended design, or function.I obtained my first mini prep as a promotional gift with a DLC-7 purchase.
For many years they have been contributing to my cooking enjoyment as a problem-free, complimentary team in a busy kitchen.
I upgraded the old DLC-7 that is still mechanically perfect, with a MP-14 TM Limited Edition.The Mini Prep perfectly compliments larger processors.
It performs equally well making pesto, cr&egrave;med butter, chopped fresh herbs, including garlic, chopped nuts, small portion purees, deviled eggs, spreads, and speedy fresh salsas.
It has a fast and slow lever whose function I like because they may be "pulsed" on and off with an instantaneous response.
I especially love the function of the two (tiny) holes on the lid, along with the ease of the lid's removal for ingredient additions.
I have been using the Mini-Prep for a few years.
I like to use it for small jobs like chopping herbs, parmesan cheese, and for making pesto.
I haven't had any problems with processing parmesan cheese as one reviewer did.
In addition, the processor has two speeds, HI & LO.
I pulse at BLUNT/HI and then do continuous hold until its grated like I want it.
On occasion I find a stray piece that the blades missed but that's probably because I don't always cut the pieces as recommended.
Overall, I think this is a great little processor and well worth the price.
Just remember to read the instruction manual before you start using it.
I wore out my original one, so this purchase was a no-brainer.
I pulse/chop carrots for salads, and just this use is worth the price.
Carrots are so good for you, and I like small pieces of carrot in salads, not chunks like you get with a knife.
I use the mini processor for making small amounts of sauces, dressing, and grating single servings of firm cheese.
This one is just like my old one, except the black chrome is new to me and very nice looking.
This is definitely one of the handiest little gadgets in my kitchen.
It works well but is a little smaller than I had expected.
This is my fault and not the fault of the machine.
I bought this to grind mustard seeds when I found out I was obsessed with home made mustard.
It works great even when run for long periods (some mustard seeds must be processed for 6-8 minutes to reach proper grind).
It has plenty of power and has also now been put to use grinding romano cheese.
It's just a lot easier to use when I don't need the capacity of my 14 cup processor.
This happened after 4-5 years of regular use, though, it wasn't new by any stretch of the imagination.
In the end, though, I did just buy a new one.
This baby chops, dices, and is great for making emulsions for mayonnaise or Caesar salad dressing.
The blade can be flipped over for different uses.
If you read the directions that come with the product, they explain clearly how to use the appliance so that you don't get onion mush.
Otherwise, it does exactly what it says it does.
I love this little appliance for chopping small amounts of food.
It replaced one that I had used for 16 years.
Once I figured how to put it together, it worked just fine.
My first project was to grind chicken to make burgers.
I sliced the breasts into long pieces and laid them on the blades.
No sooner had I turned it on low when the job was done! I went through 3 breasts in less than 3 minutes.
Too bad some others did not have such good luck.
I was worried about the negative reviews but after using it myself I am convinced that those were user errors.
There is a possibility that the glass jar is not correctly placed on the base which could lead to accelerated wear of the plastic connectors.
This should not happen with a bit of care.
Only bit of criticism that I have is that the blender could be slightly faster and blend more foamy.
The glass is of excellent quality and very thick; I've banged it accidentally several times and there's not a scratch on it.
The top has a great grip when you close it.
The base is made of plastic and feels a little cheap.
I love my little blender!The color is the exact baby pink shown in pictures.
I mainly use mine to make my breakfast protein shakes in the morning and it blends up the fruit I put in like a champ.
In my humble opinion, most of blenders are not great.
The motors are not powerful to chop through heavy amounts ice and frozen fruit.
I've burned through a couple of cheap Hamilton Beach ones.
So if you are doing a lot of entertaining, you might want to look at a commercial one.Use your head.
You may need to pulse it a few time to shave the frozen stuff down.
Or you can slowly add ice after you blended the other igredients.
Also, you should look at the recipe book.
I have heard some of the high end Warings fit the bill.
I use this for my diet shakes and it's the best.
I also love that it is very easy to clean.
I'd lower my number of stars, but can't because this is an edit of a previous review.
I had this blender for four years (an admittedly long time, but I used it very rarely).
I noticed after a year or so that there were fine black plastic bits on the base of the blender.
So he went online and ordered the broken part for $[...].
When he tried to replace it we realized that an interior screw had become stripped and it was impossible to remove the broken piece.
THEN we threw it in the trash and bought an Osterizer, which doesn't have any plastic moving parts.
I chose this blender because I love the color pink.
It is a fair price for a blender that works well.
Those really didn't concern me since there were only a few of those.
The only thing that I would have wished for is a metal motor housing, instead of plastic.
I'll just have to be a little extra careful with it.
It's the sole reason I took off 1 star, but this is probably normal for modern, small appliances.
Unfortunately, almost nothing is made to last, any longer.
Planned obsolesence/replacement, so they can keep seling them, LOL.I'm more than pleased with my choice.
I love pink appliances and they are very hard to find.
This blender matches all my other pink appliances and is also a quality product.
I had a Cuisinart Duet before - which still works but it's not nearly as pretty as this pink one.
I'll have to use it more to see if it's really a great product.
This blender does a great job and is not to heavy or cumbersome.
It's easy to use and take apart for cleaning.
Not sure why all the bad reviews as we loved ours!  I am back to buy the 700 watt upgraded version of this blender.
It has lasted several years through almost daily smoothie making.
(Green smoothies are a family favorite!)I admit I never tried grinding up dry things or using it for many other purposes.
But for smoothies and mixed drinks it was perfect and durable!.
This is a great blender that's gotten a bad rap.
I've owned this model for years and it outperforms all others for my specific task: pureeing Progresso's Manhattan Clam Chowder.
The ice crushers don't liquefy the clam pieces.
Once it's throughly blended, like a shrimp bisque, it's a world class soup.
I'd put it up against anything in a top restaurant.
I've had one can a day for twenty years.
Unfortunately, this doesn't work for other Progresso soups (they're already too thick).
Another stroke of genius: blending pea soup with vegetable soup, but this only works for mid-price restaurant soups.
This is a high quality blender that is made to last.
I have had many blenders over the past decade and this is by far the best.
Whether it is smoothies, pancake batter, shakes etc....it does a great job.
Worked great for the three months that it functioned.
I liked the glass jar and it made great smoothies.
It is made in China and of apparently poor quality.
Too expensive to buy one every three months.
However, it still broke after three months so you should be careful.
BOUGHT THIS ONE AFTER A PLASTIC CONTAINER ONE BUSTED IN MID STREAM AND BLEW OUT ALL OVER MY NEW KITCHEN AND NEW WINDOWS TOO.
I was very hesitant to purchase this product this past christmas after reading the reviews here on Amazon.
My mother had wanted one for awhile, but always thought they were well over $100.
It has been used almost every day since Christmas 2003, and they have not had one problem.
My parents loved it so much they bought another one.
My parents did that, but I can certainly see a lot of people getting lazy and not cleaning it every time.
My mother bought this for myself and my husband for xmess about 4 years ago.
You don't want to use soap in a coffee maker ever.
We use a kitchen scrub brush to rinse all the grounds off under the tap and then DRY THOROUGHLY before putting it back together.
Not drying tends to cause the grounds to not transfer properly into the basket.Complaints:Honestly, 4 years wasn't enough time for me.
Eventually even our tricks to bypass the quirks stopped working and we threw it out.
The quality of the coffee is unsurpassed by any other machine (save my pump espresso machine) and we love our coffee around here.
FIVE stars for excellent coffee and ease of use.
I use the sink sprayer and have no trouble rinsing grounds out of coffeemaker.
I have bought two for my use in our two homes and given two as gifts.
Fresh ground coffee is the best!  If you are going to buy this grinder, be sure to buy the gold-toned metal filter.
After buying this I went and got a kuring k-cup which is much nicer.
I think everyone agrees it makes the best coffee for a coffeemaker in its price range.
I purchased a second one (amazon sale for $59.99)since it was cheaper than buying the individual replacement parts.
I use a soapy papertowel to wash the pieces and then throw it away.
just rinsing to rid the plastic of the coffee oils.
Assuming one has realistic expectations from such an inexpensive appliance, they will be very happy with this ice-cream maker.
Overall a great product.NOTE: For most of the recipes I've tried, this machine produces ice-cream of a consistency akin to soft serve.
Very tasty in any-case and things harden up nicely in the freezer if you have time to wait.
I received this as a wedding gift and like it a lot.
Although it is super easy to use, it is not really a practical gadget for regular use.
The canister requires a chunk of freezer space and must be frozen a day in advance.
The appliance itself has a small footprint and a nice cord keeper underneath.
Would be a good purchase for those who like different ice cream flavors, dieters, or those with special diet requirements (like no sugar).
I usually make mango ice cream in it.
In addition to ice-cream, it is fun for parties to make slushy fruity drinks.
In  that case you will want to get an extra canister.
Just saw this at Costco in Chicago for about 1/2 this price.
worth a trip to Costco if you have a membership.
I have had one of these for about 10 years.
How long this takes is dependent on how cold your freezer is inside.
I usually put mine in the night before I plan to use it.
It is easy to set up, use and clean.
It turns out a nice product - good enough to serve guests.
We like being able to have ice cream with less sugar and no chemicals.
My mom gave me this ice cream maker as a Christmas present a few years ago.
My husband and I are vegan, so we were really excited about creating new vegan ice cream recipes.
(I eventually started compiling them in my blog, A Vegan Ice Cream Paradise.)We've never had a problem with the machine.
Still, it's not too difficult, and the reward (awesome vegan ice cream) is worth it.
We actually found this product on clearance sale at JCPennys last winter.
It will also have a more crystallized and less creamy texture.
I still need to try the frozen yogurt.
With the price of good ice cream these days, this quickly paid for itself because it's much cheaper to make our own.
This product works great, if the unit kept in the freezer for long enough, the consistency of the ice cream gets very good.
I bought an ice cream maker so I could use organic ingredients, and everything has turned out fantastic so far.
We've been using this for almost two years with no problems and are pleased with the design.
I bought this ice cream maker last summer and ended up not using it much because of time constraints.
When i first got my ice cream maker, 3 days ago, I cleaned and put it in the freezer.
After pouring the ingredients in the top I let it go for 25 min.
It was a hard icecream on the softer side of the spectrum.
Still so good!I can't wait to try another flavor, frozen yogurt, and eventually premium(hard, I'm guessing).
This is THE BEST fool proof way of making ice cream.
This machine comes with a pretty thorough booklet with ice cream recipes in it but you can make "frozen ANYTHING" with this maker.
Make as little or as much as over a quart at a time.
First let me start by saying I was a little skeptical of ice cream makers.
The ones we had when we were kids required dry ice and lots of time, neither of which I have.
The ice cream is so good and really easy.
It makes the perfect amount for a family, not too much so you're sick of it before it's gone or too little.
Basically you just pour the ingredients in while it's mixing and in 30 minutes you have ice cream.
It is simple to use, and the results taste great!My only complaint is how loud the machine is.
I let my bowl freeze for at least two days before using it.
I try to stick to the lower fat recipes.
You can find endless recipes and ideas on the internet.
Yum!If you would like your own ice cream maker, you can't go wrong with this machine!.
I have had an old Donvier manual model for 30 years, so I'm used to using a chiller bowl.
However, there's no comparison between hand turning the paddle in the Donvier model and letting the Cuisinart do it's thing.
My ice cream is ready in about 12-13 minutes.
Love, love, love this Cuisinart.I debated on whether to get the 2 qt model or the 1 1/2.
I opted for the 1 1/2 qt and find that's plenty of ice cream.
As described, read all the reviews and decided to replace my leaking old Krupps with this one and do not regret the decision.
Next I will try the recipe for Nutella gelato or peach ice cream.
The grandkids love to help make and eat our creations.
I bought this product on the recommendation of my son to make cranberry ice for Thanksgiving.
I did everything that I expected it to do.
I'm the author of Lick It! Creamy Dreamy Vegan Ice Creams Your Mouth Will Love and this is the ice cream maker that I use.
It's easy to use, makes great ice cream, is fairly quiet.
I've had it for about 5 years and have made a LOT of ice cream with it and it's still going strong.
This is the same one as the 4qt.
ice cream maker that uses rock salt and ice, just larger.
(I know it's the same because the inlaws have the 4qt.
That's because I gave up with Rival after continued problems with my first two ice cream makers and ordered the Cuisinart from Amazon.
Is your icecream more of a milkshake than ice cream? I have some chef tips:1.Never put in chunky ingredients from the beginning.
They don't allow the butterfat to freeze correctly.
They need to be added at the end (chocolate chips, fruit, etc.)Soy milk? No problem.2.Never use imitation vanilla extract.
It contains propylene glycol which not only isn't as good as regular vanilla, it prevents milk and cream from freezing well.
If you add the ingredients first and then turn it on, the edges will freeze first to the bowl and your middle won't catch up.
The outside core is a very flimsy plastic.
This is so common that it says in the owner's manual that when it does this you need to stop it and move the ice.
This means you always need to be watching it during making.
Happens on both size models which is why I had to exchange this originally for the gel model at Wal-mart.
For some crazy reason, the paddle doesn't spin, the bowl does which means it makes the ice migrate and melt easily.
Rock salt should not go down your sink so we would also walk it outside to the street.
You don't want it in your yard either.
This means you ruin your mix and have to start over.
If you need more freezing time, you can just keep on going.
I love the Ben and Jerrys one because it's not just recipes, but goes into the science of making the perfect bowl too.
The Cuisinart has the nutritionals to every recipe, the Rival doesn't.
You probably don't want to see the calories of ice cream anyway.
Especially chocolate!WARRANTY:RE 1 yearRG 1 yearCA  3 yearsICE CREAM CONSISTENCY:RE: I was very disappointed in the Rival Electric.
It runs until it senses the outside edges are done but this left my inside ice cream edges not whipped.
Even on high butterfat ice cream recipes we had a perfect consistency so I fell in love with this one.
That was the main thing for me, to get a good whipped up ice cream.
Came without scratches, looks brand new! Look forward to using it soon.
Being diabetic I will be making my own sugar free ice cream and sorbet.
Decided to try the Cuisinart for a family party using our treasured family ice cream recipe.
Well, let me tell you -- we were all delighted.
Love the machine; am so glad I can make our family homemade ice cream again!.
We've had this Cuisinart ice cream maker for several months now and have made many different flavors of ice cream.
I've read some earlier reviews where the reviewer had a problem with the ice cream being too soft.
When it is initially finished it is not as hard as when purchased in a store.
However, merely by placing in the freezer, where ice cream belongs in the first place, it hardens to regular consistency.
I have one of these and just love to make homemade ice cream in it rather than my ice and salt ice cream maker.
I do have to say you really need to plan ahead as the bowl requires a long time to freeze.
That being said, I would buy this again.
Firstly, I have to admit that I've never made ice cream in it.
My favorite?  Fresh grapefruit juice with sugar, fresh mint, and lime juice.
You can also use it to make somewhat more &quot;adult&quot; fare.
The only down side to this machine is that once you start making your own stuff, it's neigh on to impossible to stop.
On the other hand, since you're making it yourself and can limit what ingredients you use, the end result can be enormously healthy.
Blend away as you would if you were making a smoothie.
It helps with chilling the mixture faster while it is being churned.
Mine did not melt nor drip into the mixture.5) Put an empty glass container in the freezer before you start making the ice-cream mixture.
Turn on the ice-cream machine and pour the mixture in.
Once the mixture thickens and has a soft-serve or thicker consistency, turn off the machine.
It is easy to use, very fast and cleans like a dream.
I also like the fact it does not make a huge amount I have to store somewhere.
This is a great product for small families.
I make Raw Cream Ice Cream twice a week.
I add 6 Raw Free-Range Egg Yokes, a 1/4 cup of Maple Syrup, 2 1/2 tablespoons of Vanilla Extract and 1 tablespoon of Psyllium Husks.
I consider it medicine for my 3 year boy.I find that it does stick to the bowl some.
It's not a problem unless you put it back in the freezer with ice cream in it.
I only do that when I'm leaving soon after making ice cream.
It's not totally quiet, but what do you expect from a motor.
It's quieter than the old salt and ice type.
I tried it to make sure it worked before I lost the gift receipt.
I made up a batch of ingredients to make vanilla frozen yogurt.
I poured the liquid in and off it went for 20-25 minutes.
It was louder then I anticipated, but nothing crazy.
I am looking forward to making more delicious ice creams, sorbets, sherbets, frozen yogurts, and even frozen slushy drinks.
It seems pretty darn solid and it easy to clean.
I bought this for me last summer, and I loved it so much, I bought another as a gift.
It's easy, taste so much better than anything you can buy, and it's fun to be creative.
Great way to use up ripe bananas, and make banana split ice cream.
I've made 3 batches with my machine; here are my observations.
That second batch came out very, very good; in the freezer, it ended up freezing quite hard but smooth &amp; consistent.
So, I tried to find a way to keep it softer.
Simply insert the paddle, pour in the mix, attach the top, and start it up.
Of course, you can always take a sturdy non-metal utensil to it to sample it right away.
You'll have to let the bowl thaw some before hand-washing.
Fresh ice cream has never been easier.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann.
I love my Cuisinart ICE-20 Ice cream maker and would highly recommend it to anyone.
I have made countless different recipes in it, and this machine makes creamy ice cream in mere minutes.
I have also partly frozen the ice cream and then layered a combination of flavors creating a stunning semifredo dessert.
An additional freezer bowl is on my Christmas wish list this year!.
I really found this product to be wonderful, compared to others which I have used.
so if it dies you can get contact amazon and get it replaced.
I really like this and I ordered it for my son and wife as I love mine.
No mess and you have great home made ice cream in about 30 minutes.
When/if my ever breaks, I would buy another one on amazon PRONTO.
I most often don't follow a recipe but simply create my own.
I don't think I ever threw out any of my creations and I am very picky and do throw out other non-frozen recipes.
I think my secret is to taste it before freezing it; if you don't like it the taste unfrozen, you won't like it frozen!.
This works well, but there are a few points to make it a success.-First, make sure your freezer is cold.
Recommended food storage is halved for every 5 degrees above zero F.
At -10 you are golden for this unit.-Second, make sure you freeze the bowl for a long time.
24 hours should be enough.-Third, make sure your ingredients are cold.
Even if they are cool, it should be ok, but will be softer.Custard based recipes work great.
I'm amazed how many people have become so accustomed to artificial flavors and conditioners, that "real" doesn't taste right anymore.
The old style salt and ice can maintain temps well, and the expensive integrated freezer units are about perfect, but obviously cost more.
You can't fault it for being something it's not though.The dasher doesn't scrape the side of the bowl, it sits off just slightly.
This leaves a ring of frozen icy cream, not a smooth ice cream stuck to the side.
I think the newer version has a better dasher/scraper.I might try running it in the freezer on an extension cord.
The ice-cream maker seems to work perfectly fine.
I have to say though, I am still working on getting perfect, creamy ice-cream from it while using quality ingredients.
I made my first batch of ice cream today.I made the vanilla which was very easy;vanilla,milk,sugar and cream.
i gave this to my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it.
i still think this is the easiest one you will find and it's a big plus to not need ice or salt.
very easy to clean and there is an opening at the top so you can watch it work.
:happy dance: I made real ice cream with this little machine.
Also this helps my ice cream not come out too runny.
I transfer it to a container and put it in the freezer and it "ripens" and becomes harder consistency.
I just use the basic vanilla ice cream recipe and for the maple nut I added one cup of maple syrup but used less sugar.
I added walnut bits at the end of the cycle.
Oh there is no timer on this unit so you have to decide when the cycle of it churning should end.
So far everything has come out delicious, I freeze it in a separate container for the "real ice cream" consistency.
This machine works perfect for the price, the amount of work, etc., you cannot go wrong.
I have used this beauty for dessert 4 or 5 nights a week since getting it over a month ago.
I mix up the ingredients and put them in the refrigerator to thoroughly cool, then put the freezer together and pour it in.
10 to 20 minutes later, it's ready (depends on exact mix).
Obviously you have to be aware of that.
just make sure that your freezer bowl is frozen solid.
leave it in your freezer for 1 1/2 to 2 days between ice cream batches just to be sure.
Also, you may want to chill your mixture for 1-2 hours in the refrigerator prior to using the ice cream machine.
My first batch was awful because my bowl was not completely frozen and my mixture wasn't as cold as it should have been.
Other than that, its an awesome machine that is easy to clean and makes wonderful ice cream.
If you really like ice cream or have a large family, you may want to buy an extra freezer bowl.
I've had this ice-cream maker for nearly two years now and love it.
What Donvier started, Cuisinart perfected! There are a lot of great features to this machine.
The extra bowl also helps if I'm in a hurry and don't want to totally chill the mix.
Then I chill it almost to the freezing point in one and move it to the second one.
The biggest problem I have noticed is that relatively few people know how cold their freezer is (as well as their fridge).
So easy and fast - as well as fresh good ingredients have made possessing this machine a delight.
The 2nd reason is inappropriate ingredients that prevent the cream from freezing.
Some of these ingredients are anything with alcohol, fresh citrus fruits (orange, lemon, grapefruit, etc) and kiwi - amongst some others.
Seems to me that anything that will prevent jello from 'setting' will also prevent ice cream from freezing properly.
If you want it firmer or harder, put it into a different container and put it back in the freezer.
Now get creative and enjoy the fruits of your labors :).
I wanted it so I could make more natural ice cream without all those additives.
I used a simple recipe from off the web: Some whole milk, condesed milk, and cocoa powder.
At first it was a failure because I only froze the container for 5 hours.
It didn't swish when I shook it, so I thought I was good to go.
After nearly 2 hours I just had cold ingrediants.
I put them in the fridge and froze the container overnight and restarted in the morning.
After only 30 minutes I had some of the most amazing ice cream I have ever had.
I will never buy ice cream from the store again.
This ice cream maker is awesome, I love it.
I can tell you that after 8 years or so of owning this type of machine I made ice cream 3 times.
It was messy, clean up was a pain and it was noisy.
After my machine was ruined by a leaky roof (divine intervention) I looked around and decided to purchase the cuisinart ice cream machine.
Since owning this maching I have made ice cream atleast once a week.
I have even made ice cream to go with dessert for a dinner for 75 people.
Some of the reviewers mentioned noise, they must have never heard the noise produced by tradtional ice cream machines that have a motor.
It is about the level of a food processor or blender.
I keep the bowl in my freezer and chill the ice cream and sorbet mixtures well before pouring them into the machine to begin churning.
I highly recommend buying an extra bowl if you need to make more than 1 1/2 quarts at a time.
With my "old fashioned" ice cream machine (salt and water), they always recommended ripening the ice cream and I continue to do so.
Best of all, I did not break the bank to get good results.
Although I love the end results on some of the pricer ice cream machines, my Dr.
Pepper pockets could not come up with the Champagne cost of those $100.00 or more icecream makers.
I am unsure were the $90.00 original sticker price came from.
At the cuisinart site you can purchase the same machine for $49.95 just like here at Amazon.
All you have to do is mix the ice cream base, pour it in the machine and flip the switch!.
It takes a little practice to get used to what works and what doesn't with this Ice Cream Maker.
For the price though, it is really good.
I messed up my first few recipes by over filling the thing.
Eventually, I was making my own delicious ice creams and sorbets.
So much fun during the summer! My kids were thrilled! ;).
We are very happy with this ice cream maker.
We have no negative comments on this machine.
Some of the recipes in the booklet (and in other recipes online or in other books) might require some additional prep work.
The ice cream maker makes 1-1/2 quarts which is more than enough for my husband and I to enjoy.
It's quick, easy and contains less preservatives than store bought.The only issue I have with it is the mixing attachment is made of plastic.
It feels like it has to be handled very gingerly or it will snap in two.
At times I am concerned that I will make an ice cream that is too thick for it to handle.
I hope this thing last a long time so we can get many uses out of it.
This ice cream maker is easy to use, easy to clean and makes delicious ice cream.
However, in my neck of the woods, sometimes it is difficult to find decent frozen yogurt that is not filled with sweetners and other additives.
I was attracted to the high end ice cream  makers, but the cost was way too prohibitive for me.
No more store bought frozen yogurt for me!! I just invested in a bunch of different Sonoma Syrups (I used Meyer Lemon for this batch).
I froze the tub in my deep freezer for 48 hours.2.
My ingredients were cold when I added them.3.
I took the tub from the freezer, turned it on and immediately added the cold ingredients.
I did not allow any time for the tub to warm up.4.
We wanted to get an Ice Cream maker so that we could make "Ice Cream" with Soy Milk for someone sensitive to dairy products.
We considered the ones with built in freezers but not only were they expensive but heavy.
We have make banana and strawberry "ice cream" using soy milk and both have come out perfect.
The total time was about 30 minutes and we ate it right out of the container without additional freezing.
We froze the leftover and it still tasked good but could not compare to the consistency of the original.
We are considering getting a second container so that we can make a second batch right after the first.
I BOUGHT THIS TO HELP ME MAKE DIET DESSERTS I COULD EAT ON A DIET.
WORKS WELL, NOT TOO NOISY, EASY TO CLEAN.
RECOMMEND BUYING EXTRA BOWL IF 1-1/2 QUARTS NOT ENOUGH, OTHERWISE HAVE TO WAIT 24 HOURS FOR BOWL TO RE-FREEZE.
This is the second one of these I've owned.
My first one is 3000 moles away at my parents house so I figured it would be cheaper to just buy another.
This makes good sorbets and ice creams (though depends on your own recipes to make them good, right?).
The freezer part is wonderful and will keep a freeze for a good hour or so.
Very simple design that is easy to clean.
This is the first ice cream maker I have purchased, and this seems to have been a good choice.
So far I have made dark chocolate gelato that came out fantastic, and some strawberry frozen yogurt.
After 25-30 minutes in the machine, the consistency and texture are quite good...definitely hard enough to eat immediately.
After having lived in Italy for a year, I really missed creamy Italian gelato, and so now I have my own way to make it.
And it's also nice because I know exactly what goes into every batch.
This machine is pretty loud, but nothing too unbearable.
I would recommend it for anyone interested in a small, easy to clean, easy to use, ice cream maker.
I have made sorbets and various full and low fat ice creams.
It is easy to use if you follow the directions and easy to clean.
It makes a product that is frozen but not hard.
We store the frozen bowl in the freezer with the bottom side down, it seems to get things a little firmer this way.
Clean-up is a breeze as there are only three parts to clean.
I just go to the market, see what looks freshest , and it's sorbet within a few hours.
Ice creams almost as easy and much better than Steve's, Baskin Robbins, etc.
I can't say enough about this little unit that looks like nothing.
It's sure something!  And at less than $50, it's a bargain.
I have wanted one of these for a long time but the price was too high.
Costco finally started carrying them for around $30, so I decided I wasn't out much if I didn't like it.Works great.
I love homemade ice cream but it is such a pain to make, especially since I am single.
The ice cream freezes great if you use an airtight bowl and still tastes freshly made.
Stays pretty soft as well, almost like having tasty soft serve ice cream.
They call for whole milk and heavy cream.
Atkins &quot;diet&quot; ice cream (egg custard sweetened with artificial sweetner) and was surprised how well it worked.
The ice cream custard was cooled to room temp and I used a dairy thermometer to measure the temperature.
Chilling the custard would have resulted in an even firmer mass, but I was impatient.
Ok, I am one who will pour through hundreds of reviews before making a purchase.
Did I mention I ADORE ice cream??I finally bought this machine.
My husband thought I was crazy and that I'd never use it.
I used half and half instead of heavy cream and it was still delightful.I am on Amazon today to buy an extra freezer container.
I do think that is a bit pricey and am considering the whole reconditioned unit so that I can make two batches simultaneously.
It's that good.It DOES come out soupy when initially made.
It's yummy that way-I dare you to not put a spoon in the top as it's whirring around, especially the first batch.
My daughter bought this item for me and I have used it so much.
It is so easy to use  and it makes delicious ice cream.
I will not rehash what everyone else has said, but this ice cream maker is everything I could ask for.
It makes ice cream and other frozen treats super fast, is easy to clean, compact, and not too loud.
Sure, it's not whisper quiet, but I didn't think the noise level was unbearable and conversation is easy to hear over it.
Cuisinart appliances have always seemed to be reliable so let's hope this one is no exception.
I already had one and liked it very very much.
It is easy to use and the product is great.
The red choice made it an even more fun gift.
Keep them clean and wrapped in the freezer.
Highly recommended! I LOVE this ice cream maker.
It's so easy and the results are amazing.
I like GOOD ice cream (like Haagen-Dazs)and this machine creates stellar ice cream.
It rivals any of the best ice cream you can find.
Even the basic recipes produce excellent ice cream.
I've made mint chip, premium vanilla bean and strawberry.
I do recommend using quality dairy products for best results (I use Organic Valley milk and heavy cream).
I won't be buying any more ice cream from you!.
This is such a great little ice cream maker.
I've used it countless times since I got it for Christmas two years ago.
Many of the highest rated ones had eggs as an ingredient.
Now we were getting somewhere - eggs add a lot of flavor if you do it right.
So, I made up my own recipe for my first batch of chocolate ice cream.
Oh! My! Gosh!  I have never, ever, ever, had ice cream that tasted so good.
My husband actually complained that he could only eat a small bowl because it was so rich.
By rich, I mean a deep chocolately flavor - sweet, but not too sweet.
My next recipe I tried (and made up) was Butter Pecan.
My husband loves it - because he can eat more of it (it's not rich at all).
Put 3 eggs* in a bowl, blend with a fork, then slowly add some of the hot cream mixture to the eggs.
Stir, add a little more, stir - all in all, you want to blend in at least half of the cream mixture.
Then pour it all back in the pot, and slowly increase heat until it just starts to bubble.
Put 3 eggs* in a bowl, blend with a fork, then slowly add some of the hot cream mixture to the eggs.
Stir, add a little more, stir - all in all, you want to blend in at least half of the cream mixture.
Then pour it all back in the pot, and slowly increase heat until it just starts to bubble.
Remove from heat, add vanilla, stir.In a small skillet over medium-low heat, melt butter and add pecans.
Salt the pecans and stir constantly for several minutes to "roast" the nuts.
I'm also not concerned about salmonella from these.
I don't separate the eggs, and if you do it right, there's no need.
Very easy to use and clean and good basic recipes included in the appliance's booklet.
If you want a lighter ice cream that doesn't have such a fatty aftertaste, however, try 1/2 & 1/2 instead of heavy cream.
I wish Cuisinart would include some vegan options using almond and coconut milk, too.
Just had our first batch of ice cream from this product.
Easy to use, great end results and fun.
My husband couldn't tell the difference between this ice cream and the store bought kinds.
I would highly recommend this to anyone for ease of use and cleanup.
This is a very simple machine that does what it's supposed to with very little fuss.
I put the frozen bowl part in our upright freezer at least a few hours before I expect to make ice cream.
I make the custard for the ice cream at the same time.
After dinner, I put the frozen part on the stand, put in the mixing blade and top with the lid.
Then I pour the custard in and 20-30 minutes later we enjoy fresh ice cream with no additives.
If you want ice cream that is harder than soft serve, it will need to "ripen" a bit more in your freezer.
But this is a delightful machine that I highly recommend.
I never made ice cream before it, and never want to buy it from a grocery again.
This product is getting great reviews for good reason.
Here are a few tips I've discovered along the way.
Second, chill your ingredients in the freezer for 20 minutes or so to ensure they are thoroughly chilled.
In not doing these things, I've found that I create milkshakes, and that ain't bad! It's just not always what one wants.
To get good quality ice cream with little hassle is a real treat! My only disappointment? That sorbet isn't low calorie.
Sugar substitutes could help reduce calories significantly, and I'll experiment with those recipes.
The fruit of this labor has been enjoyed by family and friends who are so glad I went into sharing ice cream.
This is an excellent little machine that makes just enough icecream for my family and I know exactly what goes in it.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the manual states the bowl will be ready between 6 and 22 hours.
I tried using it after 6 and 12 hours.
At 6 hours it did not do anything with the blended mixture.
At 12 hours, I got the outside of the mixture sticking to the bowl and the core of the mixture not churned/frozen.
It also makes GOOD ice cream - I haven't had a complaint yet! Highly recommend!.
When first made, the ice cream is about the consistency of soft serve or a Wendy's Frosty.
That's just fine with me, the flavor is best this way.
After freezing whatever is left of the batch, the consistency is like store bought ice cream.
I do not do anything fancy with it, just follow the directions in the included booklet for basic vanilla ice cream.
Otherwise the ice cream will be real runny.
I try to freeze it for 24 hours before use.
As long as the directions are followed on this machine, it makes great ice cream every time.
This is by far my most used kitchen gadget.
Love it! Am going to buy another one as a gift right now.
I actually have the red model with 2 freezer inserts.
It's a very simple machine with only 4 parts and is easy to clean.
I put my finished ice cream in containers in the freezer and they're ready to eat in a couple of hours.
I saw some people complained of the noise, but it's not all that loud and it only churns for 30 minutes.
Here's the link to my ice cream recipe (makes 2 inserts worth of ice cream) if you're interested.
[...]  I am very happy with this purchase.
It works best if you make sure that the bowl is 100% frozen solid, which means leaving it in the freezer at least overnight.
Also once you've made your mix, put that in the freezer too for a little while so it's very cold.
I bought this ice cream maker after I took an Ice Cream, Gelato and Sorbet class at Sur La Table cooking store.
Because we were making so many different types of desserts, we had several ice cream makers working in the classroom at the same time.
The bowl froze easily (probably in less than 24 hours) in the bottom and back of the freezer.
I originally thought I'd seldom use it, but it's very easy to use and turns out great tasting results!I have no complaints.
The recipe book included with the unit has great basic ideas (I especially enjoy the Coffee Ice Cream, I add toffee to mine).
From there, the possibilities are endless!If you can measure, you can make ice cream.
The noise reminds me to keep checking my ice cream to see if it's "done".
great price, good ice cream, you can't go wrong with this!.
I've made vanilla, strawberry (using fresh strawberries) and chocolate ice cream in this machine and it was all yummy.
I just used the recipes that came with the machine.
Each batch consistently took 25 minutes to make.
It's easy to use and easy to clean.
I bought the red unit which adds a fun color to my kitchen when not in use.
The opening at the top is also convenient for scooping up a spoonful of ice cream for tasting without turning the unit off.
I love how simple and easy it is to use.
But I just make a batch early before dinner and store it in the freezer while we're eating.
I bought this machine for my husband following the recommendations here.
Consequently I also bought him the extra freezing container and two books of recipes,one being the Ben and Jerry's book.
So far he has produced several excellent batches of ice cream.
We are delighted and impressed! It's so easy and so much fun!.
Lets start by saying I hate gadjets, took me years to buy a food processor.
But my sister is on chemo, and I found out she dislikes the taste of commercial ice cream, even the expensive stuff.
They both get a lot of use and get high marks all around!.
This is our 2nd Cuisinart ice cream maker.
This is just as easy as running to the store and buying a carton of additive-packed ice cream.
Freeze the bowl, mix your ingredients, fire it up, add your mixture, blend-blend-blend, ice cream.
The owner's manual comes with many recipes and with sites like Pinterest I have discovered many more.
One of my favorites is 1 cup frozen pink lemonade concentrate, 3 cups milk, and 3 tbsp Splenda for a tangy frozen treat.
A tip: do not use a metal sppon to scrape the bowl, it will leave unsightly scratch marks.
Hopefully I did not ruin my bowl by doing that.
If you want to wow your dinner guests, whip up a batch of the strawberry sorbet.
I purchased this item from another online retailer and bought it refurbished.
It works terrific and I'm very pleased with my purchase.
I love this because you decide on the ratio of cream to milk & how much sugar/sweeterner to add.
Also, I always store mine in the freezer so it is ready to go whenever anybody wants to make ice cream.
Add extra mix-ins at the end for a variety of flavors.
We love it & there's nothing better on a hot summer night.
I bought 2 of these so I would always have one chilled and ready to go.
I really like how fast it makes ice cream.
I use both of the bowls and keep the second unit in storage as a replacement when this one wears out.
Its not that much more to buy 2 units compared with buying an extra freezer bowl.
So I should be making frozen desserts for years.I also make frozen yogurt and pudding ice cream.
The texture is just right when its finished.
I added frozen fruit at the end and it was great.It does get firmer if you put it into the freezer.
So I put it into individual portions and that way I don't have to deal with a block.Clean up is easy.
i gave it to my sister after gaining a few pounds of making delicioso ice cream for one summer.
this machine works and it is inexpensive and its awesome to be able to make ice cream in my own home.
I will get an updated model of this next summer (after i workout intensely for 3 months).
I bought this as a Christmas present to myself last year.
It was a great price, and now I can make whatever weird flavored ice cream I can think of.
I really was not expecting the quality of product I received in the Cuisinart ICE-20R Ice Cream Maker.
I was buying on the name recognition only, best price, and expected a glorified toy.
But, this little machine is not only cute.
it is EASY to use and delivers! It's truly a professional kitchen appliance that works like a charm!  In addition, it is easy to use.
25 minutes later you're eating the real deal.
From chocolate candy cane, to cinnamon apple crumble, to avocado (yes!) - this ice cream maker helped my vegan ice cream dreams come true.
With better side-scrapers or some kind of middle-freeze-chamber - it could be better.
Why  you might ask ??  I had difficulty not boiling the custard and also determining if it was thick enough to remove from the heat.
All of the parts washed up nicely and went together quickly.
I ran it while showering at 6:00 a.m.
no.I would recommend this product and purchase again.
Without a doubt, this is a great appliance!  Mine was a gift, but Amazon's price is the best (as is the service).
It works exactly as Cuisinart says it will and what more can you ask than honesty.The bowl freezes quickly in my upright freezer.
Some reviews say their bowl never freezes solid.
Start with a proven recipe to get the feel of it, then improvise.We are healthy eaters.
It's nice to know the ingredients I'm using are healthy.
It's also nice to be able to adjust the sweetness to our liking.Have fun!.
The savings over store bought ice cream is phenomenal too.
I only have one small exception to our "eye blasting red" ice cream maker (and it is indeed a small exception).
It could be perhaps be a bit quieter.
I bought this for my elderly mother and she loves it!  It's working wonderfuly and making some fantastic ice cream.
She can see it make the ice cream from the top.
I'm sure it would be fun for kids to watch as well.
Take some chocolate milk, cool whip and eagle brand milk.
25 minutes you have ice cream that tastes like a Wendy's Frosty.
It actually tastes better after being in the frig overnight.
I was amazed how easy the ICE-20  is to clean.
No salt to rinse out, no ice - just some great, smooth, wonderful ice cream.
After ice cream is made, you just rinse the bowl with hot water, dry and return to the freezer for the next time.
The paddle and lid are also very easy to clean.
The manual says to keep the bowl in a plastic bag to prevent freezer burn.
I have had my ice cream maker for appr.
one month and I could not be happier so far.
One of the best things about homemade ice cream and ice is that they seem to encourage people to join in making them.
You see, the chemistry of freezing foods has its own set of built-in limits.
Since you'll be serving it right away, you can stop the machine whenever the mixture looks right.
I have purchased this ice-cream maker refurbished from Amazon.com and it works great.
It is very quiet (a bit louder than your average microwave) and doesn't take up much counter space.
However, it is definitely not for impulse ice-cream eaters.
The recipes are by no means plentiful but offer an idea how to make good ice-cream.
So if you like your ice-cream vey solid, you are probably better off just getting a pint of Ben & Jerry's.
I bought the red one and it looks very nice on my countertop.
I was worried it might be loud after reading a review, but it is NOT - not at all.
We made lemon sorbet and it turned out great.
The only thing is, I recommend using 1/4 cup less sugar than the recipe says, because it was quite sweet.
The sorbet was yummy and fresh, and the most delectable fresh lemon aroma drifted from the machine as it churned away.
Yesterday we made vanilla ice cream, and it was delicious.
It is so cool to watch it firm up and fun to count down the seconds at the finish.
I probably only use it about 3-4 times a year, but I could not do without it.
I just finished making Nigella Lawson's (Food TV) Margarita ice cream.
If you have any doubts about an ice cream maker, get that recipe and try it, you'll be glad you got the ice cream machine.
Again, I recommend the Ben & Jerry's ice cream recipe book to go with it!------------------------------I never knew ice cream could be so easy.
Someone at work shared his Ben & Jerry's book with me, which inspired me to get the ice cream maker.
Because of the price and fat in heavy whipping cream, I use part half and half.
And another colleague at work suggested using 1/4 cup or so of Dream Whip for smoothness.
Jury still out on that one.But it's all good.
If you don't have one yet, hurry!  Before summer gets here and you really want a delicious bowl of homemake ice cream!.
Works great...6 cups is perfect for husband and I, never been sorry for purchase.
I just received this yesterday, and after freezing the container for 6 hours we tried a batch of frozen yogurt.
I was a little apprehensive, since I'd read reviews where people were unable to get good results even after freezing the unit for 24 hours.
We've been using our old electric rock salt machine, but now we'll probably get rid of it.
Also, due to the ease of using this Cuisinart maker, we'll make more of our own ice cream more often.
The key to this maker is the cylinder which has walls filled with anti-freeze.
If you have any inclination to make your own ice cream, this is the machine to have, in my humble opinion.
The metal container portion of the ice cream maker has hollow walls that are filled with a fluid.
About a half hour to an hour later you have fresh delicious ice cream!  It's that simple.
Also, by the way, it's the best ice cream you'll ever have.
Buy this as I did and you won't be sorry.
Refrigerate your mixture after making it for at least a couple hours.
It comes out great, I have very little problem with ice crystals forming.
I do make sure to stop the freezer after 20-25 minutes of operation or the ice cream will start to soften.
And I learned early on to chill the ingredients OVERNIGHT or the ice cream won't freeze - just gets thick.
But it's a great item, and doesn't take up much space on the counter.
I'm especially happy with it since I can't eat regular ice cream because of lactose intolerance.
So I use liquid nondairy creamer to make ice cream in this freezer and it's very satisfactory!.
I am extremely pleased with my purchase of this simple but amazing unit.
No mess, quick, easy, home made ice cream.
Once you've tasted your first scoop you'll be addicted.
Great for frozen drinks, too, including alcoholic drinks like pina colada and frozen Jack 'n coke.Solid construction, powerful motor.
The best and fastest way to make excellent ice cream and sorbet.
Wonderful product!!!!!!!!!Cuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1-1/2-Quart Ice-Cream Maker, White.
You simple mix-up the ingredients, chill, and then pour into the  pre-frozen bowl.
I highly recommend the book,  &quot;Gelato! : Italian Ice Cream, Sorbetti &amp; Granite&quot; by Pamela  Sheldon Johns as a great add-on.
I ordered the book with the hope of being  able to duplicate the Stracciatella(?) Gelato I had while on vacation in  Italy.
The recipe was simple (heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla, and  shaved chocolate) and the results were fabulous.This machine would  make a great gift as well!.
The batch is enough for a family, well assuming everybody get a regular size cup.
You have to freeze the container for a day, but it is an unexpensive machine compare to those freezer units which cost a lot more.
I bought mine at bed, bath & beyond for $ 40.00.
I would buy this product again & again.
I picked this up at the start of summer.
i've made quite a few batches of ice cream.
My favorites come from the Ben & Jerry cook book.
There are a lot of benefits from making your own ice cream.
Shake it and if anything sloshes, it's not ready.#2 Chill all ingredients.
Even if the ingredients just came from the fridge, put the batter back in.
I test my batter to make sure it's 35-38 degrees before starting.
This will make the freezing process more gradual, which means the ice crystals will be smaller.
Small crystals mean a smoother texture.#3 I let the machine work until there's little or no movement in the ice cream.
This depends on how much you've got in the machine, but my recipes make the ice cream expand up above the lip of the container.
IT WILL BE SOFT, maybe even runny, out of the machine.
I try to avoid runny, so next time either let the machine run longer or your kitchen may be too warm.
Also resist the urge to pack the ice cream down, with either a utensil or by dropping it on the counter.
A smooth surface may look nice, but you want to keep air in the ice cream.
The air is what makes it easy to scoop and gives it a good texture.#5 Put the bowl in a plastic bag while in freezer.
This keep the frost out and improves taste.
Make sure it's completely dry before going back in the freezer.#6 I'd also recommend going all out and using rich cream batters.
These have the least water and will have the best texture.
I'd prefer one scoop of really good ice cream to 4 of a crappy sorbet.#7 Add solid stuff near the end.
Wait until the last 1/2 of freezing to add your berries, chips, etc.
This will help to evenly distribute stuff throughout the mixture.
They fit perfectly and allow the least amount of freezer air to touch the ice cream.
Fat easily obsorbs oders and can make your ice cream taste funky.
You could just keep it in the bowl, but I wouldn't do that unless you plan to eat it all later that day.
I also know of some machines that have a reverse function.
Haven't bought ice cream from the store since.
In a cooking class, I shared a table with a lady who regaled me with all the different flavors of ice cream she experimented with.
That idea appealed to me so that I went straight to Amazon and bought my first ice cream maker.
Just two days ago, my Cuisanart Ice Cream Maker (1 1/2 quart) arrived and the freezer bowl went straight into the freezer.
This ice cream maker is very easy to use and comes with very clear instructions.
I discovered that you must follow the instructions exactly.
If that sequence is not followed the lid won't fit properly.
I have make five pint batches of ice cream in seven days and couldn't be happier with this maker.
This was a good purchase and the recipe book is great! I've made half of them now; some were awesome, some good, some didn't work.
The only negative was that it was pretty loud and it got hot around the base after 10 minutes or so, which I found strange.
An ice cream maker shouldn't get hot! The ice cream is still really yummy, but the machine could use a few mechanical tweeks.
Overall, for $60, it does the job and there haven't been any major problems!.
I purchased this ice cream maker so that my husband and I can enjoy low or no carb ice cream.
It makes the best ice cream, easy clean up.
After that first fiasco, my homemade ice cream has been yummy!.
Use your favorite soda to make great slushies.
My kids love it!!!!You could even use Lemonade flavored with sugar or for adults frozen Marguarita's.
This machine makes ice-cream making SO much fun.
A little noisy, but similar to most ice cream machines...except makes fresh ice cream in 20-30 minutes!.
We run the ice cream maker for 30 min.
It makes a nice soft serve ice cream, if you want it firmer put it in a container the freezer.
I was impressed with the sale price, so I bought this on a whim.
An ice cream maker rookie, I was rather skeptical by the ease-of-use claims.
That's it.Notes:- The instruction book contains a few basic recipies, including vanilla ice cream and sherbet, to get you started.
This is helpful if you want to make a batch right away.- Watch the proportions in the recipies, as they are not exact.
You may want to taste your mixture before putting it into the machine.
As such, small children (with your supervision) can use this to try out their cooking skills.Enjoy!.
As soon as it arrived, I cleaned the bucket and put it in the freezer, and checked the parts.
Sure, it's a bit plasticky, but that's okay with me.
Then found a recipe for sorbet, made the base and put it in the fridge.
That's why I was very pleasantly surprised at how quiet the unit is.
I talked to my son on my cell phone right next to it while it was running, and I had no problem hearing him.
When I was finished, my mixture had the texture of a thick milkshake, so I popped it in the freezer and it hardened right up.
After 20 minutes, the bucket was still very cold even though it was over 80 in the house.So far, so good.
I'm very happy with my ice cream maker, and look forward to a summer of icy treats :).
I ordered this RED ice cream maker to give to my husband's daughter and family for Christmas along with a RED quesadilla maker.
I keep the bowl in the freezer in a plastic bag as recommended so it's ready when we are.
It's the perfect size for my husband and me.
Have used the basic vanilla receipe in the instruction book with excellent results.
IT's SO EASY! I like that the top is open so I can add things, like fresh strawberries to the batch as it freezes.
I'm sending my daughter one for a gift.
We might use our old salt and ice freezer for a planter or something.
Hard to stay on a diet with this on the counter.
Lots of great recipes and the ice cream and sorbet are yummy!.
I did tons of online research and hands down, THIS machine got top ratings no matter what site I visited.
Some places offer a 2nd bowl for an additional price but I knew I wouldn't need that much ice cream.
Try using a high quality buttermilk for 1 cup of the liquid; it's low calorie and adds a nice twang to the end result.
Yes, upfront I'll say it's a little noisy, but that kind of goes with the territory.
Works perfectly, just as described in the directions.
I keep the bowl in the freezer all the time now.
It doesn't take up as much room as I feared it would.
Makes great ice cream, ice milk, bases for margaritas and sorbets and of course frozen yogurt.
I highly recommend going to the trouble of making a custard based ice cream.
Once you do that you may never make it any other way.
I have tried 4 different recipes in this machine so far.
3 were from the manual that came with the machine, and one was from the internet.
All 3 from the manual did not have very good texture.
The ice cream was not creamy and melty, it was either icy or fudgy.
I like the machine, it is easy to use, but also quite loud.
We ended up moving it in to the bathroom while it churned.
The recipe we tried that we got online was most like regular ice cream, but I didn't like that it had uncooked eggs in it.
I have wanted one of these machines for two years.
I finally got a great deal on it at Amazon, and snapped it up.
It says that you can freeze it for 6-22 hours, or until you shake the bowl and can't hear any liquid sloshing around.
So, I froze the bowl for 6 hours and sure enough, no sloshing.
But, this is simply not enough! My strawberry ice cream tasted wonderful, but in the machine never made it past a thick liquid stage.
I had to put it in the freezer for hours to get it hard enough to eat.
I've had one for a few weeks now, and many of the positive points of this unit have been mentioned in other reviews.
The &quot;premium chocolate&quot; is like eating a frozen truffle.
we enjoyed it, but it might be too bittersweet for kids.
The sherbets are under-flavored, and the frozen yogurt is extremely yogurty and unlike what you buy commercially.
Fortunately, you don't have to use their recipe.
I highly recommend Alton Brown's &quot;burned peach&quot; ice cream.
a quick google should find it at food.com.
After several failed attempts, I began to wonder if I would ever be able to make creamy dreamy ice cream at home.
Finally, I ordered the right one!  This ice cream maker really does work.
The only time it will not work is if your freezer is not set to the coldest setting.
I also found the extra freezer bowl to be indispensable.
This drastically speeds up the process.I also use the freezer bowl for other items I want to cool down quickly.
I use it to cool down Jello when making a Raspberry Mousse.
I have been known to place the whole contraption right into the freezer.
I also disobey the instructions and let the ice cream freeze until solid in the ice cream freezer bowl.
I found it just works faster that way.
That way your ice cream is ready in 40 minutes!  Yes, it takes 20-30 minutes and then 10 more minutes in the freezer.
At least that is how it goes in my kitchen.
If you start the ice cream before dinner, you won't even notice the time.Here is a favorite recipe for a slushy.
Heat honey in the microwave and stir into juice.2.
Pour in juice, freeze 10 minutes or until slushy.
Serve in tall glasses with straws.Makes 4 glasses~The Rebecca Review.
My bowl was super cold (overnight, lowest freezer setting) and it got to the "soft serve" stage fairly quickly.
My mistake was that I left it going too long, hoping it would get firmer.
We've had a lot of fun and good eating from this machine.
With a little tweaking of the recipes it turns out a really nice product.The ice cream produced is best if eaten fresh.
After it has been in the freezer it becomes a bit too crystalline for my taste.
This may mean cutting recipes in half but still works fine.
This is a very good model for making sorbets and ice cream.
It costs more to make ice cream at home than if you buy Hagan-Daaz in the store.
But, if you really like to make your own concoction, than this is really great.
Also, the insert will take up some room in your freezer and takes time to ice up.
then it started not working and i realized because it is not forgiving.
you must make sure the custard mixture is thick enough and that it is cooled properly and that the freezer bowl is properly frozen.
it makes great ice cream when you follow the instructions carefully.
Makes ice cream! I am on a no carb diet.
but I didn't want to give up my favorite frozen treat.
the ice cream holder itself requires about 24hrs to freeze prior to use.
You can of course use it before 24 hours.
which is also fine  :)I have never used an ice cream maker before this one.
he said this one is A LOT quieter.I love it.
We were somewhat skeptical about how the machine would work but were pleasantly surprised.
It is simple to use, with complete instructions and recipes.
And it makes wonderful ice cream in minutes.
Will never buy ice cream again!!  At first was hesitant bytthe few negative reviews.
So far they have all turned out GREAT!  have always loved soft serve better.
But, i did make sure all the ingredients were real cold before i put them into the machine.
and also i put the 2 bowls into the chest freezer in plastic bags.
We are real happy with this for sure.
We tried recipes out of the booklet that came with it, the Ben & Jerry's book and another source.
Something along the line of what we could pick up at the local convenience store.
Then we tried the recipe out of Christopher Kimball's The Desert Bible.
Hallelujah!  Creamy, rich, just what we had hoped for.We had a similar experience with our bread machine.
Mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook.
The fault may lie in the recipe book.
A lot.The Cuisinart Ice 20 Ice Cream Maker enables us to have ice cream with only a half hour's notice.
Is this good or bad?Good, I say! Lick the beater, the cylinder and your bowl kind of good.
That does not mean we eat only Hagen Daas quality stuff (well.
we actually do), but that we could keep a small ice cream shop in business with just our family.
Counting relatives, we could support a chain of such shops.We eat a lot of ice cream and we like a variety of flavors.
SEND THAT IN TOOT-SWEET! This little appliance comes with a 3-year manufacturer's warranty on defects.
Not a shabby deal in the least.Each piece is wrapped carefully in plastic bags, which I suggest saving, too.
Use these to wrap the freezer bowl while preparing it for use.
It does not offer a compressor in order to chill the product as you go.
This keeps that "freezer taste" from getting into your frozen product-to-be.
Use that handy bag that came with the unit, or use a plastic grocery bag to enclose the bowl.
Place it in the freezer and close the door.
For extra-fast chilling, put a bag of frozen vegetables inside the bowl.My bowl freezes in my refrigerator freezer in 8 hours.
No sloshing, or your ice cream won't "ice".
I hear tell it can take much longer for some folks' bowls to freeze, but check your freezer setting.
The methods remain similar, and if you have frozen the bowl you're more than half way there.Come Along with Me.
It's really that quick.Plug in the machine and press "on".
The motor will rotate the freezer bowl and the dome lid will hold the churn in place.
Pretty simple!Carefully pour in your ice cream base and leave the room for 20 minutes or so.
I dare you to try.You won't be able to do it because you won't believe you're making ice cream right there in your own kitchen.
And, you'll want to appoint yourself "Chief Taste-Tester", as you won't want any family, friends or acquaintances to suffer at all.
You're selfless, just as I am!The dome lid offers an opening in the center through which to add ingredients, and I use it to "sample".
Just be careful you don't lose a spoon in there.
Just pop the bowl back in the freezer, covered, for about an hour or less, depending.
I can keep it running as little or as long as I like, but 25 minutes has been the longest running time in my experience.
After that, we're eating ice cream!As for noise, it's tolerable.
I find the Ice-20 to be much quieter than a blender, and only slightly noisier than most dishwashers.
If you need more than that amount it's simple to prepare batches ahead of schedule and freeze them.
It's also possible to order an extra freezer bowl, which I did.
The cord is about 2-1/2 feet long which is plenty for counter top use.
Mine lives on a shelf inside my basement door.
It would fit inside a cupboard, too, if I had a place there.
You could also keep it on the counter top ...And, again, it couldn't be easier to clean.
All the components, aside from the freezer bowl, need only a wipe-down with a damp cloth.
Cool, calm, collected and concise, too.They'll not believe it, I assure you.
They'll want your secret, and it's up to you whether or not to tell them.Share the joy, won't you?.
We use this machine quite a lot during the summer.
It is awesome for ice cream, sorbet and slushy mixed adult beverages....mmmmmm.....can't wait for summer again!.
This is a delightfully easy way to make ice cream that tastes the way you want it to.
Want a flavor no one sells?  Mix it yourself with this easy-to-use machine.
The recipes in the instruction book work just fine.A bit of advice;1)Read the instructions carefully.2)Plan for some lead time.
You need to have the bowl completely frozen.
I bought this because my son was diagnosed with a dairy allergy.
I wanted to be able to provide ice cream without breaking the bank.
There are new coconut milk ice creams available but at $6 a pint I could pay for this unit in a hurry.
I buy my Thai brand Coconut Milk (not lite) from Walmart at $1.42 per can.
1/2 hour later I had what looked like soft serve ice cream.
Our first batch of ice cream didn't turn out so well.
The small batch is plenty for 2 large servings or 4 small ones, so there's never any leftovers.
During the holidays we added a touch of Baileys which was amazing.
We did try a fresh squeezed orange sorbet as well but found it really needed a lot of sugar to cut the acidity.
I'd probably just try frozen juice concentrate next time.Be sure to keep the instruction book!  There are lots of ideas and recipes inside.
I'm looking forward to trying the fresh basil and lemon sorbet this summer.
Overall, for the price you pay and the simplicity of the device, it was a smart investment for our kitchen.
We generally spend about $10 in ice cream every other week during the summer, so this maker has already paid for itself!.
Keep one in the freezer at all times and you are never caught without one that is ready to go!.
My daughter-in-law wanted this for so long to make fresh sorbet, I bought it as a gift for her.
She has already made watermelon sorbet and it came out great.
If you buy this I recommend buying the extra canister so you can leave it in te freezer and always be ready.
I've only used this once so far, but it's pretty awesome.
You just pour in your pre-mixed, chilled ingredients, press start, and set a kitchen timer.
My only complaint is that it's a little noisy.
I wouldn't recommend running it while you're trying to watch a movie or something.
I'm looking forward to using this more when the weather warms up here in Michigan.
This is very easy to use; it's just like another small appliance you can use on your counter top.
It still works great, and I've been able to experiment more.
Even if I don't get the recipie just right, it freezes just fine.
I use frozen berries to make sorbets with less sugar (high fructose corn syrup) than the grocery store kinds.
I've also made a batch of very rich vanilla (with eggs carefully cooked) and it came out wonderful.
It's fast, easy to clean, and makes plenty for left-overs.
I put this ice cream maker on my Amazon.com wish list, and my sweet daughter sent it to me for my birthday.
:)I just made my first batch of ice cream today.
I'm very pleased with both the machine's performance and the taste/texture of the ice cream.
It's not whisper quiet, but it's not nearly as noisy as my Cuisinart blender.
I bought this maker after reading reviews on forums.
I use it to make non-dairy ice cream with Vances Dari-Free which is a powdered milk substitute made from potatoes.
It works absolutely brilliantly and for the first time in a decade I actually had 'ice cream'.
With Vances you must pre-make the ice cream mix in a pot and heat it.
The mix must be allowed to cool in fridge for a few hours.
Then simply place it in the Cuisinart and turn on.
In a half hour you end up with a soft serve ice cream that tastes just like the real thing.
Not to mention the mess with the salt and ice.
This little maker doesn't make so much noise, no mess,  and it only takes 20 to 25 minutes to have firm ice cream.
Transfer the ice cream into a container and place it in your freezer if you want solid as a rock ice cream.
With the traditional freezers, you had to wait until you had a crowd to serve before you went to all that trouble.
This makes one and one half quarts, which is just enough for one starving person, or six normal people.
It comes with a recipe book and you can find tons of recipes on the web.
This is a very nice ice cream maker.
It is easy to use, easy to store and easy to clean.
This is my second summer using the Cuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1 1/2-Quart Ice Cream Maker, and it's never let me down.
Now I find that this machine is Jeni Britton Bauer's favorite.
As she explains inJeni's Splendid Ice Creams at Home, when the ice cream is done, it will.
still be soft, but the ice crystal structure is intact and stable.
I purchased this model about 3 years ago.
I have never been disappointed with the results.
This one is easy to use and it works.
I did freeze the ice cream for an additional 2 hours after it was mixed as the manual suggests.
Yumm  It doesn't make a lot, just a little over two pints.
It comes with a handy little recipe book to help you with your first few recipes.
You will be making home made ice cream in  about 20 minutes.
The consistancy is good, and it is delicous.
Best of  all, you will not be adding any strange presevatives, or anything you do  not want.
I got one of these ice cream makers as a Christmas gift, and it's been fantastic.
I was careful before requesting it to check the temperature of my freezer.
If your freezer doesn't maintain a temperature of between 0-5 degrees Fahrenheit, your ice cream probably won't turn out that well.
Mine stays at a chilly zero degrees, and I've been amazed at how quickly this machine makes great frozen desserts.
I keep the bowl in the freezer, wrapped in a plastic bag and filled with frozen vegetables, so it's always ready to go.
I bought this for my son for his birthday.
Thank goodness my son lives 1000 miles away or I would be in real trouble with this little machine.
The price is good and the ice cream is wonderful.
I had soft serve ice cream in about 25 min's after following the easy instructions.
If you love Ice Cream, you will love this ice cream maker.
I just got this machine and made the strawberry ice cream recipe that came with it.
This is so easy there's no reason to ever eat store bought ice cream again.
No locust bean gum, no artificial color, no preservatives - and you can make it with organic ingredients if you want.
This was the easiest ice cream I've ever made.
They enjoyed being able to see it iwhile the ice cream was making.
My machine didn't work the first two attempts.
I tried two different recipes - I was very disappointed.
2)Container needs to be really frozen - don't put in a cramped freezer, allow space around container so it freezes throughly all around container.
I am on a roll now though and look forward to making many more favors.
I love homemade ice cream, but have not had luck with the traditional ice cream freezers where you add ice and rock salt.
Though less expensive, they are less consistant.The Cuisinart ice cream maker is the opposite.
This handy contraption soft freezes your ingredients in a mere 20 - 30 minutes and is simple to use.
Simply freeze the canister ahead of time, add frozen canister to top of plastic base, add ingredients and turn on!Consistant results every time.
The recipe book included with the machine is very good, and all of the recipes are easy to follow and are delicious.
Some recipes are no cook Philadelphia Style (only cream, sugar and flavorings) though most are custard style (involving cooking the ingredients and adding eggs).
Its definately a must for those who like fresh homemade desserts.
I picked this up when I read some great reviews and I am very pleased.
Great product - Cuisinart never lets me down!.
It's easier to use than any other ice cream maker I've ever owned.
However, there are a couple of things to remember or you're going to be very frustrated by the experience.
First off, the freezer bowl has to be frozen solid.
I suggest you leave the bowl in your freezer for two days just to make sure it's cold enough.
Be sure your ingredients are very cold, too.
I use condensed and/or evaporated milk in a couple of my recipes and a day or two in the refrigerator is really important.
And the thicker the better with this machine.
A custard base is an excellent way to start.Next, don't dawdle.
It begins to thaw pretty quickly, especially in hot weather.
Most of it is just remembering to get things to the right temperature.
This isn't a big, fancy freezing unit, it's a relatively inexpensive way to make your own ice cream at home.
You're going to have to make some adjustments.
This is fun with the kid but a bit messy.
I'M VERY PLEASED WITH THIS CUISINART ICE-20 ICE CREAM, YORGURT, SORBET, MAKER.
IT'SMADE EXCELLENT COCONUT ICE CREAM, AND RASBERRY SORBET.
CUISINART,PUTS OUT A GREAT PRODUCT, AND THE SELLER WAS VERY REASONABLE ON HIS PRICE.
This item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase.
I like it very much and am VERY glad I ordered it.
Thank you so much Amazon.com for the great price, good value and prompt delivery.
I've just gotten this machine and have made the basic vanilla ice cream twice.
It was facinating watching it thicken up for the final result.
Time in the freezer is usually needed after it's done.
I highly recommend this machine!!  I know that we'll be having home made ice cream a lot more often now!.
Works great; there's nothing like home made ice cream and to have it within minutes with so little effort is a miracle.
If you store the tub in the freezer you can almost decide to have ice cream and satisfy that desire immediately.
We keep the freezing bowl in the freezer and store popcicles and the like in the middle.
use hot water and do it quick.We got the red one - what a nice looking unit.
When buying the Cuisinart ice cream maker, I really wasn't sure I'd use it, as I rarely eat ice creams.
It's extremely easy to use and cleans very easily.Few notes for better results:1) The bowl must be *frozen*.
While milk can be used, cream results in a much richer, thicker, tastier ice cream.
It stores very well, lasting for a couple of weeks without crystalizing.
I would use mine every day if I could remember to buy cream!.
I purchased this ice cream maker after reading all of the reviews.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to purchase an ice cream maker.
I would order from them again with confidence in their promise.
The 4&#34; flex tubing fit perfectly over this fitting for my woodshop dust system.
I'd give it 5 stars, but I had to remove with a Dremel some casting slag from the interior.
I use these in my overhead flexible four inch system for dust control.
The system is attached to an Oneida 1&1/2 hp  system which pretty much covers my small shop.
The marking holes and slots on this protractor are great.
I have used protractors before but had to always eyeball the markings with various degrees of accuracy.
A bonus is that a .5mm mechanical pencil came in the package too.
It is just the right diameter to fit in all of the holes and slots.The T-bar is a good feature also.
You can loosen the thumb screws to slide the T-bar off of the protractor.
Its Incra, its accurate, it is well made.
You need your trifocals for the angle indexes and a sharp pencil , but it is dead on.
I have used the T-rule so much, I decided to get this as well.
These rules are very accurate, and easy to use.
Use a 5mm lead mechanical pencil, and store the rule carefully.
Do buy another mechanical pencil to supplement the one/ones Incra provides.
They aren't great and you won't be happy when you can't get it unjammed while in the middle of a project.
A .5mm pencil will work but a .3mm engineering pencil is perfect.
My husband is very hard to buy for.
The previous two years, he opened his gifts then set them aside.
One he loaned to a friend! This and the other Incra item I purchased for him...he was very impressed.
The whole line of Incra products are fantastic and the marking protractor is no exception.
I like how the aluminum edge stop at the bottom is easily removable with two thumb screws.
It has many different indexed cutouts for precise marking.
Great timer, quality seems to be much better than the other brands I bought over the past few years.
Right now I am using the timer to turn on and off Christmas lights and it seems to be pretty dependable.
Probably will purchase more of these timers in the future.
This item works as expected and shows no signs of problems controlling audio/video gear.
I am happy with it as I always am.
I use one on my cat's drinking fountain.
I use the others on lights in the house.
It is best for when I am gone on a trip.
We bought this AC timer to use in conjuction with a heated pet bed for a crate on our back porch.
It worked all last winter and it is still working.
I use the TN311C heavy-duty grounded timer to control the ON-OFF cycle of a dehumidifier.
This gives me 6 ON-OFF cycles, and it works perfectly with our dehumidifier.
I've set the timer to turn ON the dehumidifier for 2 hours and then OFF for 2 hours throughout the day and night.
Not a big deal but works really well.
I use the timer to turn lamps on in the house so that when we come home there is light in the house.
I own several of these and appreciate the fact that it is 3-prong rather than 2-prong.
I've yet to find a timer with such simplicity and easy adjustment.
Never had one fail on me even when running at rated capacity.
Have used this for several years now for the Christmas decor.
Aquarium light go on and off each day.
It does it's job very well.It is connected to my wall a/c and to my attic fans.It runs well, no problems, i like it.
I'd had these timers for years and had no problems, so the issue is not with the timer itself.
This is a nice window fan with good power and not too noisy, adaptable to different window sizes if you need to move it.
It is nearly silent on the "low" settings, but when you set it on "high," it moves a LOT of air.
If we open up all the rooms, it helps a lot with cross-ventilation--way more than the box fan we were using previously.
It's front-heavy, but still quite easy to move.
But, so far, so good!-while it's pretty quiet, it does make a distinctive noise on the exhaust setting.
It does have a few issues, but I can put up with them for how well it works.
It seems a bit flimsy, but once mounted it is relatively solid.
It mounts to the inside frame of the window by 2 screws on each side.
The flange on each end of the fan has keyways for these screws, so it is removable.
The knob does come off if you pull on it instead of twisting it.
If it bothers you, put a drop of epoxy or super glue on it and put it back on.
The bigest problem is that it is noisy on low speed.
The noise goes away on high speed, which is how we run it anyway.
I was looking for a fan that would really draw fresh air into my apartment (5 rooms, total ~1000sq ft).
When this is running on high exhaust, and with only a few other windows open, there's a noticeable breeze coming in those windows.
I notice a distinct change in the coolness and "freshness" of the inside air after only a few minutes.
It is pretty loud when it's on high, but it's not the obtrusive roar that I've seen described in other reviews.
When it's on low, the noise isn't bad at all - it's quieter than the oscillating stand fan I'd use otherwise.
I am using this as a whole house attic fan and it works just fine.
There is little noise and the hot air exhausted into the attic then escapes through the roof vents leaving both attic and house nice cooled.
From 106 degree daytime temperature, the fan will decrease the temperature to exactly the outside overnight temperature.
Does exactly what it's supposed to, extremely well.
Done!This fan gusts air like a tornado!  It's a completely different class of product, vs.
those little toy-like "twin window fans" made by everyone, and sold everywhere, that barely move any air.My house is a 900 sq.
brick ranch, 1950's built with original windows (wooden sash/panels), and no central A/C.
This is truly a whole-house fan for me!  Completely turns over the entire house air in a matter of seconds.
The direction of air flow (intake/exhaust) changes with a simple manual turn-knob.
There is a BIG difference between low/medium/high settings, which enables you to customize air flow to your liking.
Since the knob is manually operated, there are no complex, computerized electronics to malfunction.
While I'm readily technically competent, I HATE it when simple things are un-necessarily complicated, & therefore prone to electro/digital malfunction.
In the front, the grill (& center control knob) extends out into the room about 7".
The entire unit is off-white / cream-colored / neutral.
It looks retro-designer/ mid-century, a bit industrial-looking maybe.
I've searched for 17 years, & this is by FAR the best fan I've ever found.
I put this in a upstairs room to circulate the air up there.
Works pretty good, It has a clicking sound when you first turn it on, but no big deal.
Not real loud on med and slow speed but on high a bit loud.
I really like being able to  shut the window when the weather gets bad.
Wish it had a little more power on high but for the price you cannot beat it.
The barn isn't real big so there's wasn't enough air flow in there with only 1 window & 1 door so.
I love that you can put it in the window & still be able to close the window behind it during bad weather.
I've had this exact model for about two years.
This fan is very good at exhausting inside smoke to the outside.
Electric reversing makes three speeds available for either exhausing or bringing fresh air in directly with just the twist of a knob.
At medium and high speeds it helps to crack a window on the other side of the house.
Think of it as an 'attic fan' in your window.
Closely follow instructions when installing to avoid a noisy fan.
Not properly mounted will result in vibration and more noise than necessary.
(Also make sure base of fan is firmly sitting on the window sill when mounted...this will almost ensure vibration is minimal) 2.
Fan needs to be cleaned at least annually (especially if you smoke).
I searched for an exhaust fan for our new, hot garage.
It pulls and exhausts a lot of air and that is what it is supposed to do.
Don't make life more complicated then it has to be.
With all my searching, Amazon gave me the best deal and with my rewards from my Amazon credit card the fan cost me $54.
What's not to like when other stores wanted as much as $110?.
I purchased this fan to replace a fan I had on my kitchen window for over 20 years.
After much research (the original fan's company went out of business) I found this fan was the closest  to my old one.
The sides are fine I had lot of lee way and did not need much.
I must say it is easier to clean than my older one and it does what is promised.
The three setting work great eliminating odors and recycling air.
The fact that is reversible is very useful.
Please keep in mind that my review is for an apartment window not a house.
I'm a smoker in a small 1100 square foot house and was tired of the lingering smoke, yellowed papers, drapes, etc.
I live in Florida and the humidity is killer so it's not real productive to open windows to vent.
I ordered 2 of these 16" fans and boy are they big! They work incredibly well.
I use one as an intake (High pressure area) and the other as an exhaust (Low pressure area).
I'll probably order 2 of them to use for the winter/spring months then have these 16" bad boys for the summer/fall months.
I can imagine these fans would be heavenly for people with pets, cigar smokers, for cooking strong smelling foods like fish, etc.
As you can see I am pleasantly surprised and very happy on my purchases.
Also love the fact that the fans are both intake/exhaust.
This fan is a good fan but does not move the amount of air I want to move.
this somewhat does the  job but really not enough.
I might be asking for too much for its size etc.
I like the fact that it is reversable and it is adjustable to fit wide or narrow windows.
I'd give it a try and see if it works for you.
I live in LA and summer can get to the low 100s.
In the evenings though the temperature can dip into the 60s.
So I though of venting out the heat and drawing in the cool air, at night and early morning.
I installed this in one of the casement windows in my house.
The way I installed it allowed for the window to be closed without taking down this fan.
It does create a cool breeze as it is drawing in the cooler fresh air.
The indoor temperature does increase by about 5 degrees by dusk.
When the Outdoor temperature goes below the indoor temperature, I open all the windows and doors and turn on this exhaust fan.
This system works very well for us and I am very happy with this purchase since I am saving so much money.
This paid for itself after only 2 weeks.
The first fan I purchased like this was in 1992 from Sears.
It had their name on it, but it was obviously built by Lasko.
That original is still functional, but after 14 years, it was time for a new one.
Must be a proven, solid design to have been in production this long.
It moves the air through my home easily, but my house is smallish, only about 1500 square ft.
My only gripe concerns the fan guard, or grill, which faces towards the outside, through the open window.
This grill is plastic, which we all know doesn't last forever.
Exposed to direct sunlight and the elements, this grill will eventually become brittle.
These are great fans--I bought one for the upstairs hall, and one for the downstairs dining room of my colonial home.
WIth both of them running on exhaust, the whole house is cooled off within an hour on a cool summer night.
There is a bit of understanding needed with the dimensions though.
We've used this for a week now.Installation: it is easy, but may require some work to install, depending on your window frame.
I really like these and would recommend them, but with the understanding that you will have permanent screws in the window sills year round.
AS I AM IN AN APARTMENT,FORCED TO INSTALL WINDOW FAN WITH WINDOW SCREEN STILL IN WINDOW---WHICH DECREASES FAN PERFORMANCE.
This is not able to go in front of my window, as the window I use it in is a double.
However, I popped the screen out, and this fan fits perfect.
I make sure at least three windows are opened, and it works great.
I've used the reversible feature a couple times, and I'm glad it's there, but mostly it's on high and exhaust.
The blades spin freely suggesting little bearing drag to strain the motor.
I found that it easily fits several of my windows without actually mounting it (i.e., installing the four screws that come with it).
If my house were bigger I'd buy another.
It works wonderfully either on exhaust or intake.
I am just as satisfied with this one.
My window sill is so narrow, I can't fit a box fan.
The unit went in with 1/2 inch to spare and guess what? You don't have to use the wooden mounting screws.
I grabbed 4 1"long machine screws with nuts to tighten them and extended the screws until it slide into the grooves of the window.
It does feel flimsy at the mount point.
But for my 1100 sq ft place, I can feel the air wafting throughout the entire length of the unit on high.
There is no need to be in the same room to feel the benefit.
I suspect I will use it before I go to bed and reduce the setting or turn it off.
this fan is totally awesome! Its a bit heavy and you will need to kind of brace it in most windows but man.
the vent or exhaust features provide some great airation to the home.
One of the best home fans I have purchased over the last few years.
I just bought this heater after seeing a co-worker's unit.
My office area, in the corner of a very large room, is extremely cold all year round.
I have been getting by with a small DeLonghi Safeheat, but wanted something taller to provide heat to my upper body.
I also suffer from hot flashes so I needed something that oscillated.I didn't read any reviews here first.
Just went by my co-worker's glowing praise for hers.
She does sit in an office and I don't.
However, the features seemed to fit my bill.I am quite happy with the heater.
I appreciate the different heat and fan settings.
The oscillation works as I'd hoped - not concentrating the heat right on me.
It keeps me warmer and cuts the draft from the windows.
It is very nice to have a remote so I'm not jumping up and down to change the settings.
I bought it knowing that it would never really heat my area up to the temperatures given.
I have to use the small one for my feet.
The second problem is the beep!  I can understand fully how this would be a problem in a bedroom.
It would wake me up!The light doesn't bother me since I only use it during the day.
I understand people's problem with them in the bedroom, though.
[g]For me, the heater only misses a score of 5 due to the annoying beep sound.
I use it more than air conditioning when it's hot.
Good fan for drawing in the cool night air.
We leave it on all night in the reverse setting and it's completely changed our sleep pattern for the better.
It keeps our room cool and drones out the loud road noise.3.
I love having the option of having the window open still with the fan off and a soft breeze.4.
The unit is not very attractive so we have a cafe curtain in front of it.
When we turn it on, the curtain just blows upward and is not in the way.5.
Install it on a window with a screen.
They were sucked in and didn't have a chance.
That means that when it rains or cold out, you have to remove the fan to close the window.
Cooking smells are eliminated very fast with the three speed reversible motor.
I just bought mine from rural king for $59.
Im not experienceing any rattles or anything on high speed.
But on cooler nights you can put this fan on intake and bring in the fresh night air which is one thing I like.
You can just open a couple of windows a few inches and feel the air being pulled in.
The fan cannot cool the air any more than the actual temp is but it might feel cooler.
The reason I bought mine is to not use the ac any more than I have too maybe save a buck or two.
Its sort of nice to be able to close the window behind the fan which Ive never been able to do that before.
But we will see how this fan holds up.
This will be my 6th Lasko 2155A Fan purchased since the year 2000.
I have kept 2 to 3 running at any given time between the months of March and November whenever possible/necessary.
This fan is one of 3 that work without flaws.
We've tried to repair the others, cleaned them every year, to no avail.
I painted the wood to match the room paint and it seems to work well.
Our windows are of the cheap variety (drywall with alum.
I just waited until amazon.com was selling this and pounced on it (due to the low price).
I'm happy with these and will probably continue to purchase these if they are still made.
Please comment to this review if you think this could be it.
I use non-aerosol hairspray (on my hair) in the room where the fan is.
Only fans that drew the air from the room were affected.
In prior years, that fan was set up to allow air in, not out, for room re-circulation.
So in that case it was blowing the spray away from the fan.
Opinions? (I have tried google.com to search for this possibility, to no avail).
if you have side sliding windows you have to block off the gap above the fan.
the 'wings' that slide out to adjust the width of the fan are insufficient to support the fan vertically.
not a huge deal I cut a piece of foamcore to fill the gap but prevents window closing with fan installed.
It does draw a good amount of air and runs quiet enough on medium to sleep in the same room.
I started searching for a reversible window fan early, so that when the summer heat hits 99% I will be prepared.
I had a Lasko reversible window fan that my sister gave me used, and that fan carried me thru some hot days for 6-7 years.
I searched and found 3 fans and compared prices and wow-Amazon had the best price.
I would recommend this fan to anyone who needs a great reversible window fan.
for a fan that could pull air thru the whole house, but did not want to pay $200 for one.
This machine seems to have done it, quietly...quieter that I thought it would be.
It is a two-directional fan, so you can bring air in or pull it out.
It also has 3 speeds, I used the medium speed all summer, 24/7.
I don't have AC here so this was it, and it stood the test.
Really, this is close to an ideal fan if you want a window fan.
The biggest issue is the way the fan mounts to the window frame.
When you do it correctly it is secure, but not tight.
There is just enough play in the way it mounts (drops down on screws) that there is a rattle when the fan is on.
For our apartment (1200sf) this fan can make a noticeable difference in temperature and air quality in about 5-10 minutes depending on the fanspeed.
I needed a good window fan to keep the air moving in my country cottage.
I am able to limit the use of A/C if I have a means for proper ventilation.
They will slide but be patient because they will also break if forced.
Still the cheapest whole window fan I could find.
I installed this on a horizantaly sliding window.
It probably took about 10 to 20 minutes to install.
It comes with a guide for the position of the screws which helped.
I went for this 16" and it does the job just as quietly as the 20".
Very easy to install within the window frame and no vibration.
I only wish that the side extenders were metal like they are on the Air King.
The grill on the front of the fan is metal.
I am very happy with this purchase and that's why it gets FIVE STARS.
These are both excellent, high quality fans and I would not hesitate to purchase again.
This replaced a fan I broke in a drunken episode on St Patrick's day.
That was just plain dumb on my part but I am so glad that happened as this is the best fan I have ever owned.
Wife and I sleep with a fan and I instantly noticed the fan pushes way more air then the other last fan I had.
I sleep like a baby and even get cold from time to time which I never did before.
We have central air conditioning but only one control unit downstairs, so the second floor is always warmer and less comfortable than the first floor.
The best feature of this fan is the pivoting ability of the fan.
The fan pivoted and held its position straight out of the box, I did not need to adjust or tighten anything.
Photo #1 shows the fan pivoting, Photo #4 and photo#5 show two views of the fan at the bottom of my stairs.2.
Photo #3 shows the fan on the digital scale.
The fan is fairly light just under 7 pounds and 2 oz.3.
I like handle on the top of the fan.
It makes it very easy and comfortable to carry it around.4.
The fan is fairly quiet even on the high setting.
It producing no rattle noises of any sort, the sound you hear is white-noise type sound of blades pushing the air.
It is so quiet that on a number of hot nights I took that fan into the bedroom.
I am a light sleeper yet the noise from this fan did not bother me even as I was trying to fall asleep.I DON'T LIKE:-------------1.
Minor: the switch to turn on the fan in the center back of the fan.
So when you pivot it up you need to reach under the fan to turn it on or off.
Close-up of the switch is shown on Photo #2.2.
Minor: the length of the cord is 6.5 feet.
From April 2012 to September 2012 the price of this item (when sold directly from Amazon with free shipping) varied between $30 and $34.
At the time of writing this review the best price is on this oneLasko 3300 Wall Mount Fan.
For it's size this really is a light weight fan that blows a lot of air.
For the price I don't think you'll find a better fan.
We usually run it on low and it is relatively quite.
The only complain I have is the on/off controller switch is located on the back of the unit directly behind the fan blades.
Put it on top where it belongs! Who wants to do a reach around on a fan??.
I bought my windmachine after my smaller honeywell fan finally died after a number of years.
In truth, I wanted it first and foremost for white noise for my bedroom at night.
It's a powerful fan, so both the high and medium setting easily drown out any unwanted noise.
Note that this is not a small fan.
The sound is smooth and steady and it does a tremendous job circulating air in a hot or stuffy room.
I leave it on every night and it both helps me sleep and keeps me cool.
I could see this fan lasting for quite awhile and I'm still very happy with it a year later!  Included 2 images for a visual.
Before I finally installed air conditioning, I used this fan.
In fact, I had two of them and used them for several years.This is the most powerful fan I've ever had.
It doesn't rattle or clang like metal window fans.
You can tilt the fan up or down and than lock it into position using the knobs on the side.
I still use mine to dry clothes that I don't want to place in the drier.
I hang them over the shower rod and turn the fans setting to high.
The clothes are dry within a couple of hours.
I had one for about 7 years and absolutely love them super high powered.
The low setting is still very strong and kinda loud.
but high is like sitting inside a wind tunnel.
I have a standard box fan and this is 10x more powerful.
It it large, but light weight and easy to move around.
It moves a huge amount of air totally silently.
I had another Lasko Wind Machine and it lasted for years.
It finally bit the dust and I ordered this one as a replacement.
I'm not particularly fond of the &#34;on&#34; button being on the back, but the machine is very good at moving the air around.
Not quite as powerful as my old one, but still very good.
I use it by door and it blasts in cooler air in evening.
I use this fan to keep the air circulating; living in an old house where the AC is not too efficient.
I will most likely buy another one in the future for another part of the house.
It is an outstanding fan! I'm using it with another older wind machine from Lasko to help cool down my home in early morning hours!.
Have 4 Lasko fans and all work great.
This is the second Wind Machine that I've owned, our first one just stopped working after almost 10 years.
We use ours almost exclusively in our very large master bedroom on the high setting (we like the sound and the breeze).
Others mentioned that it's not all that powerful, but we find it plenty strong for indoor/casual use.
It's not an industrial shop fan by any means, but it's great for cooling a large room, painted walls, even outside on a deck.
It's very light for it's size and the tilting feature is nice.
We use floor fans so we can keep the AC at 80 and still survive in South Texas.
This was our first experience with this model, and we plan to get more of them.
They circulate the air superbly and make surprisingly little noise for their size.
I need a fan to sleep by...the white noise is perfect.
I'm extremely happy with it and I think you will be too!.
In my experience, Wind Machines are the best fans out there.
They are essentially the only type of fan we have used for years.
An added bonus is that they are ready to go right out of the box, no assembly required.
I don't often rave about a product, but this one deserves it.
This is what I so love about it: 1.
Just a steady strong stream of wonderful air.
It arrived in the military pouch system with the box a bit smashed, but not a single dent on the item.
I can cart it room to room very easily.
Even though it's so light, it sits on the floor very stably.
The only sound it makes is the sound of air moving.
The design is compact, extreme care given to maximizing output for the footprint.
This fan is really handy to keep around.
It is a bit loud on high, but I expected that with this type of fan.
I can use it anywhere in my house and move it from room to room as I need it.
I think this is by far the best fan I've ever owned.Will post a couple pictures for you to get a better look at it.
I would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan.
The Wind Machine fan by Lasko is exactly the way it is advertised here on [...].
First off if you are looking for a quiet fan, go somewhere less because this is not what you are working for.
I highly recommend for those who need large air flow and a good noise level while they sleep.
Works just as good as the heavy duty silver fans.
It brings all that cool night air right into my house.
Burrrrr I'm getting goose bumps now because I'm freezing.
Let me get up and turn it to low now since its extremely cool in here.
I used to have 3 but the third one disappeared.
Oh Well , anyway fan is definitely worth the price.
Compared to those pricey fans that don't rake reviews half as good as this.
I had one of these fans that ran great for about 6 years....being used every day.
Good fan though and I will likely replace my dead one with another one just like it.
I'm surprised they still make this one and sell it.
A great fan, light weight, easy to move and aim!  I have especially appreciated this fan in our immediate 100 plus temps.
We use a heat pump which looses effectiveness past the ground level.
The price is right and it moves air very well.
I used my two seasons, chucked it and got another one.
This fan is really doing a good job.
This fan helps the whole house and keeps the air fresh and moving.
Even on the lowest setting, this thing is definitely a wind machine.
While my apartment is central air conditioned, I like to keep the thermostat on 78 to save energy.
I purchased this to use with my indoor bike trainer.
Is somewhat loud but certainly does the job and more.
I only wish it came with a remote control to change speeds.
My apt gets super hot in the summer and without central air, it can be tough during the days.
The AC we have isn't quite strong enough to really cool down the place below 77 degrees or so.
This fan has made the summer so much more bearable.
Moving air in the apt makes a huge difference.
It usually stays on the low setting, as that is more than enough to provide adequate current in the room.The fan is pretty quiet.
There's 3 speed settings, and of course if you have it on high, it can get a little loud.
But it's not nearly as loud as other fans I've owned, so I was pleased with that.
It barely weighs anything, so moving it from one room to the next, if necessary, is easy.
It has a nice handle on top for easy transport.
The fan can also be tilted easily so you can direct the air wherever you'd like.
If you don't want the air blowing right on you, you can tilt it so it blows towards the ceiling.
If you want it pointed at you, pivot it to the necessary angle.My only issue with the fan is the ability to clean it.
It doesn't have any easy way to disassemble it, at least that I can see.
Because it sits on the floor, it often sucks up my girlfriend's lose hairs and the catch on the grill.
We originally got the first one like this from Walmart years ago and they no longer carry them.
I bought it because it was cheap and  be easy to operate.
I learned to cook with this aluminum cooker, how to gauge time and amounts of water etc.
Mirro has been around forever and replacement parts are readily available for all their cookers.
As with all aluminum pressure cookers,  the metal will react with some foods and can overheat if you are not careful.
This style cooker has the "jiggler valve" on the top that rocks back and forth and hisses when pressure builds.
Personally, I like this as it provides audible and visual feedback as to what is going on inside.
I was afraid of pressure cookers most of my life and this inexpensive one has soothed my fears.
It does the job and does it well.
The wife and I got married in 1953.
We got a mirro 4 Qt as a wedding gift.
Use the cooker at least once a week.
The lid gasget, jiggler, blow out plug are all in good shape.
On thing we have always done is to wipe a little olive oil on the gasget.
I think this little lubrication is the reason the gaget has lasted so long.
Great old  pot--- I have a whole chcken jiggling away right now.
I have been cooking with pressure cookers for 30+ years now.
I had an old Mirro cooker (8qt) that I used for over 20 years.
I had to buy a few gaskets over the years but it kept on working.
Believe it or not, a mouse got into the garage and chewed out the pressure check valve.
I could not get a replacement because the cooker was so old!!! I bought the new one and I read the directions.
Imagine my disappointment when I read that the cooker would not get hot enough on a ceramic top stove.
I have had a ceramic top stove ever since they were invented and have used other pressure cookers on them with no problems whatsoever.
Thing that surprises me is how expensive these can run.
A sound pressure cooker is a sound pressure cooker -- not much too it.
What can I say except that this does exactly what it should.
I no longer have to borrow my mother's food press to make blackberry jelly.
Next year I'll make sure to make even more, since I won't be stuck doing it on a schedule.
Used this food press for making jelly and to prevent seeds and other impurities when canning strawberry jam and jelly.
My 'ricer' - collander - food press arrived just an hour ago.
I have fond memories of this 'ricer', a favorite kitchen implement of my Dad's.
I still have an old pestle from the old days.
The design is a little different from the ones of my childhood, but I think this design appeals to me more.
I love 'riced' potatoes and anticipate using this 'food press' to make tomato purees and finish other fruit.
Good if you are working with small quantities.
For larger quantities, use the kitchenaid mixer attachments.
Can  not live with out this if you do any canning.
Have a OLD ONe and got this one so my daughter has one she is starting to take interest in canning  Recommend.
Great when I used it for Apple Butter.
I will be using this for many years.
This food press is perfect for tomatoes and apples.
It's sturdy and sits perfectly in a medium size bowl.
I would recommend this Mirro food press to everyone that likes to can.
I got this for my parentsThey didn't want a large size, and this was just what they were looking for.
They've had it for a little over a month, and so far they have no complaints at all.
Working Great! I have only used it a few times but so far very happy with it and it's smaller size.
As always with Amazon, fast and easy delivery,.
Back in the day, moms all had pressure cookers and made beef stews and pot roasts in them.
These cookers are being rediscovered and are making a big comeback as they're not just for stew any more.
Hundreds of new recipes are appearing and Amazon has some really good pressure cooker cookbooks available.
size (just for 2 of us) but larger sizes are available.
Mom was right, they are FAST, make delicious food and will impress guests.
They're not expensive - give this a try, you won't be disappointed.
i love using a pressure cooker because it makes meats tender...also is faster too cook with.
I got for camping and keep my big one at home.
Also as its aluminum it's much lighter weight for the trailer.
This one is a 4 quart, very easy and fast to use.
I used it when I had a family of 5, and is still useful today with just my husband and I.
I've only used it a couple of times but would recommend it for small to medium roasts, etc.
Our 20+ year old 4 quart Presto pressure cooker has had at least half a dozen gasket replacements.
For those of you who eat things like wheat berries, this is the gadget for you.
If you have a family, get the next bigger size, but this is good for one old guy who camps.
I was finally convinced that I need a pressure cooker for meat due to my work hours.
I looked everywhere for the smallest size, they were either unavailable or too expensive.
Reviews here showed great product so I bought it.
I used it the very first day and I couldn't be more satisfied.
Meat cooked in 12 minutes vs 30-45 minutes.
I gave it four stars only because the color changes after washing it but that doesn't affect the cooking.
It comes with directions which explained how long each food takes to cook.
I have read several comments about loose screws on the handles.
Go to your local auto parts store and ask for &#34;Loc-Tight&#34;.
You clean the screws of any oil, put on a few drops of &#34;Loc-Tight&#34; and replace the screws.
Let then cure a few hours per the instructions...and...Problem solved.
I am using the cooker for about 3 years now and so far everything is going fine.
Throw anything in it, it can make a nice well cooked food in 5-10 minutes.
Key is let it cool off on its own.
However, I really wish I purchased the steel one since aluminium body looks kind of ugly after some use.
It cooks very well, easy to use, zero problem and I use it regularly.
One suggestion: add a switch to let the steam go out once the cooking is done.
So many great meals she prepared with it.
After a few days of them here we went to buy  cooking utensils and kitchenware for our new home here in Miami.
I purchased for her a Presto 6 quart and 4 quart cooker.
Do not have to say she was delighted.
I still have these Prestos and they are like new.
I just have ordered the gaskets and pressure valve through the Presto site here in the Web.
Just to say I cook a lot myself and used them very often.
Presto stands back on all their models and have replacement parts for all their cookers old and new.
They even have the originals Manuals with recipes and user instructions and times for every model the have ever produced.
I should say these cookers would last for generations if well treated and cleaned.
They are part of the dear memories I have of my family.
I really wanted to use this for sterilizing pint canning jars, but it is not tall enough.
however, it does cook an artichoke or two, and they get done fast, and they are cooked all the way through.
It was a great unit and we hated to have to replace it.
This new one works just as well as the old one did when it was new.
You can pay a lot more for a pressure cooker but I don't see how it would work any better.
Includes recipe book and time tables, very important information when using this pot.
So easy to use and doesn`t take up much space.
This is my first pressure cooker and I can't complain so far.
I had always known that cooking under a higher pressure would accelerate the cooking process.
I had just never realized by how much.
With this pressure cooker, hours turn into minutes.
Even slow-cooked chili which normally takes 6 hours of slow cooking to get it right can be done in 30 minutes.
Amazing!This pressure cooker is sturdy and easy to assemble.
It is also remarkably easy to use, just put the lid on and rotate it sideways until the handles lock.
It is also easy to clean, as easy as any other pot or pan.And there are soooo many recipes!Very much recommended!.
I live at 9500 ft altitude where it can take many hours to tenderize anything.
I cook stew meat in 25 to 30 mins, pot roast in 50 mins, veggies in 5 mins after it gets up to temp.
I use mine a lot, 3 times a week ($7 for both at AMZ) which is why I am here commenting.
Don't get the aluminum ones, not good for you.Very safe and fool proof.
It is well made and the perfect size for our family.
We have cooked beans, chicken, beef, and many other items in it and it works great and is high quality.
The first one is still going strong, in constant use since 1984.
This is the first time I owned a pressure cooker.
It's very easy to use and helps me cut down the time to cook beans, meat,.
At first I hated the heavy metal cap that sits on top of the steam valve.
I always forgot to take it off before opening the lid, and one time it fell down hard on the floor, almost hitting my toes.
It's a visual/audio indicator of how much steam is coming out.
If it rocks too fast then I'd need to lower the fire.
On a pressure cooker, more heat doesn't cook any faster.
If you do this, be very careful or else you'd get burn.
Seriously, this is hotter than normal steam.It works very well.
But the bottom has a layer of other metal to absorb heat, so it's not any different compared to my aluminum Mantra cooker.
Stainless is easier to clean as well, and looks better.
Some people worry that aluminum causes alzheimer, but there's no medical proof of it.
Oh well, at least I get the stainless steel so that I don't have to wonder.
Brand reputation matters, we are sure that replacement parts from Presto will always be available.
Boy could I not have been more wrong.
And at that temperature it can break down the tough parts of meats and cook things very quickly.
Yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good.
Well it does cook fast and it is tasty.
I will take the experts opinion that it is also a healthy way to cook.As a PC newbee I had no idea what to expect.
First off is a little bit of assembly.
This is not a pan or a microwave or something like that.
It is safe..but also something that is, well, under pressure.
After getting familiar with the parts of the pressure cooker we cooked our first meal, a pot roast.
We used, frankly, a pretty cheap piece of meat but it came out tasting fantastic.
Once the pressure seals the cooker most of the time you have to then reduce the heat.
We have done some chicken dishes and some rice dishes.
It has turned out perfect rice in a fraction of the time it would have taken otherwise.
We are still getting a feel for seasoning.
Granted it has only been a couple of weeks but we have eaten out much less these 2 weeks.
We picked up a well regarded cookbook on AmazonPressure Perfect: Two Hour Taste in Twenty Minutes Using Your Pressure Cookerand so far so good.
This could easily become the main way you cook, it has that a good a combination of benefits and realtive ease of use.
What it excels at is...great results/unit of effort and time.
I can't see many other ways that you can maximize your cooking effort and cooking time than a PC.
I am very happy with this pressure cooker, seems to be very well made (which is important for safety).
This is my second presto pressure cooker in a year.
I tried all the thrifty tricks to get out scorched ick but it didn't work.
My Presto is my go too pressure cooker for potatoes, makes great cheesecake, I love pressure cooking squash, carrots etc.
The construction is heavy and seems well made.
Just received this unit, and I'm very happy with it so far.
It is easy to assemble, sturdy, and most importantly has a very simple design which I anticipate will be durable into the future.
My previous pressure cooker was a complex affair with springs and components tucked away in plastic housing so that they could not be accessed.
This design, on the other hand, is much more simplistic, which is a very good thing.
It cost about 1/4 the price of the cheapest PC that I could get in local stores (including postage), and is a preferable design.
I have only had this for a few weeks.
I have cooked Winter squash a couple of times and it worked great.
I don't admit to being an expert on pressure cookers but this one seems to work very well.
The handles came loose the first time I used it, so tightening them really good the second time seems to have done the trick.
It's the right size to cook a roast and it's easy and safe to use.
What I usually use it for is to cook up a 3-5 pound boneless chuck roast (when it's in sale).
Here's what I do:put in a couple of tablespoons of oliver oil and brown the meat top and bottom.
This is my first experience with a pressure cooker.
Coming from an asian background it's not something we normally cook with.
We normally go the "slow cooking" route instead to make our soups and broths.
This item is great in that you can make some good stock and soups etc in about 60 to 90 minutes.
I tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great.
I find the size of the cooker to work well for 3-4 adults.
One of the better pressure cookers we've owned.
We cook rice and lentils a lot in our pressure cooker and this makes it perfect each time.
No issues that we've had with other brands like Prestige.
This one is easy to handle, good quality, and so far so good in terms of stains.
I read the instructions, and follow them to the letter.
I had one of these great cookers long ago.
This one is made of stainless steel and seems to be lighter.
I had to attach the handles, so some assembly on this one is required.
My first recipe was, 'Ham Hocks & Navy Beans', and I cooked the pre-soaked beans and ham hocks in about 25 or 30 minutes.
I plan to cook many more dishes in this quick-cooking appliance.
Be sure to read THOROUGHLY, the instruction booklet, to safely use this(& all) pressure cookers.
I cook daily in a pressure cooker so this product is very important to me.
I have a Hawkins 2 liter cooker, prestige 3.5 liter and a presto 6 quart pressure cooker but they are all aluminum.
I've had the presto 6 qt aluminum for at least over 6 years.
What I didn't like is that the steaming plate that comes with the cooker is  made of aluminum.
But its not a deal breaker for me.
I think that Presto is a very dependable brand and I'll happily recommend it to anyone.
The handle seems to loosen after using it several times.
I had another one, and it did the same thing.
Presto is one of the best, but I think they should address the handle problem.
I remember a bit of a kitchen disaster during my childhood when the seal blew off my mother's pressure cooker.
It's super for quickly making beans and brown rice which otherwise take so long.
Everything cooks to perfection in just a fraction of the usual time.I like the fact that this Presto model is stainless steel rather than aluminum.
This pressure cooker set includes a special insert rack that allows you to cook multiple foods at once without their flavors intermingling.
When filled, it is a bit heavy and it take two hands for me to carry it.Clean-up isn't difficult.
I wash it by hand even though it is considered dishwasher-safe.
It comes with very good detailed instructions for cooking various foods.
The instructions addressed questions we had without having to do further research.
The cooker can only be about half full for some items and two thirds full for other times.
I will check those line markers and update if I got it wrong.
We have tried Beef, Poultry, and Pork in various different vegatables in the cooker and have not had a failure once.
The stainles version is the only way to go.
This replaces it's predecessor aluminum 4-quart Presto Pressure Cooker that Aunt Mildred gave me when I married.
I'm 76 now and was searching for a new gasket on Google.
I found the gasket and a new handle (the handle is cracked from so many years of use).
I also saw the new stainless steel 4-quart pressure cooker that I looked at again after ordering the gasket and handle.
I ordered it and am so pleased that I did.
It works as well as the old reliable that has served me for so long.
I like the rocking steam escape sound because I can monitor it for adjustment without going and looking at a gauge.
I had bought another brand some time ago but had gone back to my favorite Presto.
I was looking for a replacement for some weirdo one my hubby's ex left him years ago.
I have a giant-sized Presto pressure canner and love it.
So I like Presto and liked the size of the ex's weirdo canner.
Six quarts is just about the perfect size since I rarely cook for a crowd anymore.This is a nice, solid, reliable cooker.
Presto does a good job on the owners manual, some basic recipes, etc.
The cooker has a little rack so you can keep your meat off the floor of the cooker.This is not a canner.
You could (and I have) use it as a little baby canner for a small load of small jars.
I have used it as a canner for about 4-5 pints.
The instructions do not say this is a canner, and you probably should know what you're doing if you plan to can with this.
This takes some practice, and knowing your food and your stove.
It makes a rythmic rocking noise, not too fast,not too slow.I find clean up a breeze.
I soak it a couple minutes, if needed, then pop her in the DW.
I would go for the 6 quart for extra room next time.
I have an electric pressure cooker that has a hard anodized interior that is sometimes impossible to clean.
This stainless steel pressure cooker is a breeze to clean.
I soaked some black beans and after only 4 minutes cooking under pressure, I had a pot of beans.
The 6 quart size is perfect for me since you can't fill it too much.
I have been using this one since about 2008.
Very reliable, nice flat bottom that is very thick.
I use it on a glass top stove without any problem.
My firstPresto 01781 23-Quart Pressure Canner and Cookeris for canning.
It is this huge cooker, not for your everyday meal.
I picked the 4 quart cooker for its' size.
If you give me a large pot, I am going to fill it up! Then I have to deal with all the left overs.
This cooker is the right size for two with plenty of left overs for the week.
My first recipe was with dried beans (black, pinto) for chili.
The booklet said only cook for 3 min.
Because I have tried to cook dried bean on the stove top and it took hours and hours.
And they still weren't done to my liking.
So I left the beans in about five min.
they were almost over cooked, tender and delicious!I am going to love this cooker.
Keep in mind you can only fill it 2/3 full while cooking with pressure.
I believe this so food particles don't get trapped in the vent.The basic theory is you cook the longest cooking time ingredient first.
Let's say, chuck roast then you release the pressure when almost done.
That's the time you add Potatoes, onions seasonings and carrots.
After reading the booklet for cooking times and recipes it is almost faster then a microwave oven.....REALLY!.
We have had a pressure cook for many years.
It was great for camping, for we could make New England Boil Dinner.
My wife has our old one at the shore, and we use it a lot.
Now, I can make the dinners here, and we thing they are the best pressure cookers around.
i bought this over a year ago and finally decided to write a review after having used it.
I didn't think it was gonna be a very smart purchase as it seemed to be limited in the uses.
well let me be the first to say i was wrong.
Making soups and stews are a no brainer, making a modest batch of soup stock in short notice is such a time saver.
why slave in the kitchen when you can be almost a one pot meal.
plus these meals are awesome in the fall.
in this pressure cooker to about 250 degrees F.
For instance, the tougher fibers in meat will convert to gelatin, making the meat more tender.
As a result,  pressure cookers are great for braised dishes with tough meats, such as chili.
For these purposes, this pressure cooker rocks.Larger pressure cookers can also be used for canning (because the higher temperatures can kill more bad things.
This pressure cooker really is not large enough for this task.
If you are not a canner though, compare the prices of this against those larger models.
I think you will be back looking at this one.
I had purchased a Kuhn-Rikon cooker but it finally failed.
I bought this one from Amazon and it works great for one reason: It cannot fail.
I'm a novice pressure cooker user but this one "just works".
Simple to use both for pressure cooking and for sauteeing.
I like that it's stainless and that it was cheap!.
Aside from it being a pressure cooker, this is the nicest pot I own.
It also comes with a useful recipe booklet.
I can't add much to all the 5-star reviews here, but for what it's worth, 'I like it too!'.
Presto is one of the few old time manufacturers that have maintained quality.
This pressure cooker is very well made and works perfectly.
I would recommend it to a friend (or even a stranger).
I am very happy with it and fully expect it to last for many years.
I've been using a pressure cooker ever since I was young.
Everyone in my family has one and they do last for a long time.Now, I cook professionally.
One of my valuable cooking vessel is the pressure cooker.
It takes really tough meat and make is buttery soft.
I haven't tried cooking veggies on these things, just because they are more delicate than a piece of shank.
By the way, I just ordered two for gifts.
And it made from stainless steal.One word of caution though!!!.
When cooking with this, make sure after you hear it whistle, turn down your heat to a low medium to a medium!!!.
It's compared to having a roll boil and a boiling water; it's just a waste of energy.
I've heard form a couple of users who neglected this "alarm", actually had their "tops" blow up.
A couple of users also reported, they actually got burned by the steam.
But, don't let this scare you!!!  Like any other tools, you have to know how to use them properly.
Always clean the rubber seal coz, it does accumulate food residue.
And always, always be careful with dealing with high pressure and high heat.
This is a really excellent item....but the little rubber safety button (to release pressure if something gets clogged) isn't as good as it could be.
Every now and then, it releases the steam so no pressure can build up.
If I jiggle it, to get it to set, it generally falls down into the kettle.
Remember, this is a GREAT pressure cooker -- I'm just kvetching.
Love this long lasting and dependable pressure cooker! I got it many years ago and haven't even had to replace the rubber yet.
I was going to spend more money on a more expensive model.
IT does the jobs without frills and cleans up great.
if it hits the fan than i can just buy another to replace it.
She is very happy with her new one and so are we.
I always avoided pressure cookers until a little over a year ago.
I love it, but it is annoying to have to drag it out when I wanted to use it.
I saw this smaller size stove-top variety and hoped it would be as good as the electric.
It's better!  I never put it away because it has become my go-to pan whether or not I'm using the pressure cooking feature.
It's a good weight, great heat distribution, NOT aluminium, and sturdy.
As a pressure cooker, I find that I can turn the heat on my stove to between 2 and 3 and it works beautifully.
From using the other pressure cooker once or twice a month, I find I use this one three-four times a week.
Minor issue - yes - the screws do rust.
One of these days, I'll take one to Home Depot so I can get a non-rusting version.
I like it, and I use it occasionally.
my mother used her pressure cooker to feed 5 kids on a regular basis, and the stories of her mother's old ring-style pressure cooker, well.
Learn how to use one and you will never live without one.
This one is quite good because if the cooker isn't stainless steel, putting it in the dishwasher will turn it white.
And certain ailments claim a link to higher levels of aluminum in the blood.
This order was a terrific bargain!  The product is excellent.
I would recommend to prospective buyers that they ascertain their needs first.
I gave this Presto 6-quart pressure cooker to my daughter for her birthday.
She works full time and thought this would be a real time-saver for her.
It has met her expectations and is very happy with it.
She's able to prepare meals in minutes, which means she's not only saving time, but eating better.
In comparing this unit with others available, the price was great and turned out to be a very good value.
This pressure cooker is our first one and our first time to cook with one.
We used one of the recipes printed in the user's manual, Herbed Chicken.
The recipe calls for basil, celery, oregano, parsley, onions, and garlic, along with other readily available ingredients.
It was not difficult to use, and clean up was effortless and fast.
Thanks Amazon for the fast delivery service, and thanks Presto for the fine pressure cooker.
We look forward to using it on a weekly basis.
I have used this cooker quite a number of times and it does an excellent job of what it is suppose to do.
I've used a Premium grade, Innova 8 Qt.
for years, It is way too big for every day, single person use.
The Presto works decently, but not well built.
The handles are fastened by only one screw.
The lid closing stop, catches past the point it should be.
The lid pressure open-lock safety takes effort to seat when heating up.The 4 QT and 6 QT are both 8 1/2 in.
Without the lid, the 4 Qt is 4 1/2 in.
height, the 6 Qt is only 2 in.
A few recipes are too big for the 4 Qt.Induction compatible??? A magnet sticks to the bottom and top, but not the sides.
This was purchased as a gift for my daughter.
Hopefully she will enjoy hers as much as I do mine after many years of use.
It's a good pressure cooker that works well for most of my cooking.
I use this to cook mostly my meal consisting of a vegetable & fish mixture.
I use 1/2 cup of distilled water (which in my opinion is the bare minimum).
You must always start by adding at least a 1/2 cup of water before adding any vegetables.
My veggies & fish cook in about 2-1/2 to 3 minutes, after which i run cold water over the cooker to cool it down.
The only problem i have had is getting the lid to go on sometimes.
But these pressure cookers are really good, you can cook some really healthy food quickly in them.
I replaced my old Aluminium Pressure cooker (4 Litre) from India with this wonderful stainless steel pressure cooker.
The quality is great and the price is fantastic.
This cooker does not blow the whistle by itself (starts rocking) but instead I manually let out the steam 4-5 times.
Saves a lot of energy and cooks quickly.
I have 2 dabbas ( containers ) from the previous cooker that fit inside this cooker.
That way I can cook Dal and rice at once.
I ordered an extra gasket just in case :) Always better to keep extra gaskets.
so far i have made great indian food successfully with no problems and its fairly simple to clean.
I have had a 4 quart Presto stainless steel pressure cooker for 28 years and it is still going strong.
I decided I needed a 6 quart for larger meals.
This item is replacing an aluminum 5 QT cooker.
Stainless steel is far superior for cooking and cleaning, and the 6QT size is perfect when four are being fed.
Even spaghetti sauce is a snap with this unit, something I never attempted in the old aluminum pot.
Cooks for 2 people easily..***A cooking rack comes with it, also....!!.
I have several larger pressure cookers, but there are just two of us now that the children are gone and married.
Like the extra handle on the opposite side - easier for transporting from stove to sink.
My old MirroMatic pressure cooker was over 40 years old & I decided it was time for a replacement.
Instead of the old all aluminum pan I decided to get the stainless steel pan for ease of cleaning.
What a difference!  The aluminum core on the bottom provides the even heating, & the stainless steel makes for the easiest of cleaning.
I really enjoy the rocker weight on top instead of my old weight with 3 different pressure settings.
Tonight, I'm making Swiss steak with only 18 minutes of cook time.
The cool down time is much faster than with the old aluminum pan also.
Moderately priced and cleans up well I hand wash this.
I can't believe I waited this long to buy a pressure cooker.
Just the right size and seems to be of high quality.
Now I wish I'd have ordered the 6-quart.Even though it's stainless, it's very lightweight.
This is handy as I have permanent chest pain after surgery, so lifting can be difficult.It works fine.
It makes very concentrated fast broths in the summer when I don't want things simmering on the stove for hours.
Similarly, I can cook big batches of legumes and freeze in meal-sized portions fast.
made a whole chicken in less than 30min.
Very pleased with this product!...Just wanted to add a note.
I never run water over the pan to cool it down...as it is still cooking.
I know how long meat and veggies take when cooking traditionally, so I time it based on experience.
When you let it cool on it's own, that is part of the actual cooking time with the pressurization.
Follow the instructions and you can't go wrong.
I just shut the fire down about 10min less to incorporate cool down.
I already own a 6qt Fagor over 15 years old and a 2qt Kuhn Rikon.
I used locktite red on each to prevent them from loosening.
Note the top is not stainless though or is a cheap imitation thereof.
Unlie the KR and FAGOR this pot weight wobbles making a noise.
All in all for $36 a good deal.
because the screws keep pulling out of the handles (no inserts like this one) and other things keep failing like the gasket and handles themselves.
I did quite a bit of research online before purchasing this pressure cooker.
It's definitely not top of the line but it absolutely does the job at a economical price.
This is my first pressure cooker so I wasn't even sure if I would use it often, but the Presto has won me over.
I use it multiple times each week - it's a fantastic convenience.
Note that there is some minor assembly required.
I've used pressure cookers for many years including some of those very expensive models.
This is one of the best cookers I've ever owed.
This cooker is constructed of high quality stainless steel and is very easy to use.
If you follow a few simple rules, you'll never have a problem.
I use my cooker weekly for everything from cream of potato soup to braised lamb shanks with wine sauce.
My only con: wish it was made in the USA, otherwise, highly recommend.
The only caution is if you are cooking for more than 2-3 people you may want to get a 6 or 8 quart.
You can only fill 2/3 of the pot up and it limits how much you can cook.
When my last cooker warped I asked for a replacement for Christmas - yep, that's how much I love them.
My last pressure cooker was also a pressure caner for putting up vegetables.
However we are down to just my husband and I so we don't do much canning any more.
Obviously it weighs less, takes up less room in my cupboard, and comes to heat much quicker.
What isn't to love if you are cooking for only two people as we care!.
I had an older model for years, and I wanted another Presto.
This one, as my older model, works great!.
This was a gift for someone that was just getting into caning.
Some assembly required, but appears to be a quality product.
My last one worked well for 25 years, no reason this one shouldn't do the same.
The excellent instruction manual that comes with this cooker lists appropriate cooking times for many kinds of food.
I really appreciate cooking brown rice in only twelve minutes and pre-soaked beans in less than that.
This prevents a dangerous explosion of a loose lid.
If you feel some resistance in closing the lid, don't force anything.
Make sure the sliding flange is not preventing the cylindrical plug from rising.
The heavy rocker wobbles merrily reminding me of an old fashioned steam locomotive chugging along.
This action informs me how much I can turn the heat down to keep on cooking without wasting water or energy.
It helps save energy and it will last a lifetime.
Great product to have in the kitchen for cooking.
Much safer than the traditional ones we grew up with, great size and useful recipe book enclosed for time comparisons.
I am just very glad that they were both wrong!This is definitely one of the best purchases I have made on amazon.
I still cannot believe they sell this for $35! The pot does not feel cheap at all.
It has very sturdy handles, and a thick, heavy bottom, which holds in heat well.
Although we have guests over regularly, I find the capacity of the pot to be very good.
My hands are small, and when you've closed the top, the handle is kind of big.
I have long been familiar with the Presto brand.
Presto Pressure Cookers have been used in my family for many many years.
After the first use, I was totally sold!!!  It is easy to use and the directions are very clear and easy to understand.
Funny story, because my mom was used one before and blows up.
So when I got first time try it out I was hide in the backyard until the trimmer running then I m relax.
Shorter my cooking time and pretty good meterio.
I've looked and checked out many other pressure cookers before buying this one.
From the costly ones in department stores to others online.
Department stores prices were to high and I couldn't get any product information from the sales people I would talk with.
After reading the reviews here I decided to purchase the Presto.
The Cooker is great looking after using it for four different meals.
We have enjoyed a delicious pot roast, chicken with veggies, and a hard to cook oxtail stew.
There was no problem with reading the directions on how to use.
I did it without my husband my assistance.
I am planning on using it at least once a week for hardy winter meals.
We are living at 6,000 feet elevation, and this pressure cooker has made cooking dried beans and grains a snap.
The delivery was prompt, packaging excellent, and product quality also excellent.
This is a great addition to my kitchen.
It works great and easy to operate also saves so much time cooking the same meal.
I first purchased 16-qt cooker/canner then purchased this one and 4-qt also.
Now I use these 3 cookers for everything.
This is a well-made, top of the line product for such a great price.
Only issue that I have is occasionally I have to exchange the screws (holding the handles on the lid) since they rust after a while.
Other than that, I am very satisfied with this purchase and strongly recommend to others.
I would definitely recommend using this to speed up crockpot recipes.
I had to replace an ancient pressure cooker that was passed down to me many years ago.
This one is much smaller but, since I don't do any canning and only cook for three people, it is the perfect size for me.
With all the warnings now about the dangers of too much aluminum in our diets, I love that it is stainless steel.
It will make the toughest cut of meat so tender that it falls apart.
Magic!  I don't know why I haven't used a pressure cooker before.
You can make lentil soup in like 10 minutes.
And this one is nice and sturdy and easy to use.
I was thrilled to discover that the stainless steel model that I purchased would work with my induction cook top.
Of my 25 year old pressure cooker, the exact same brand and style, anything that you can use for 25 years is an amazing product!.
I use this all the time I wouldn't want to be without it.Cooks fast & would buy again.
Because it cooks so quickly, we're not only enjoying dinner faster, but saving a lot of energy to boot!  Highly recommended!.
As a child I was scared to death of my mom's pressure cooker and swore I'd never have one.
If you are instructed to let it cool down on its own, it can take up to 30 minutes to cool down.
The only thing I would add to this pot would be a temperature indicater.
I would build it right into the pressure cap so I would be able to set up an optimum temperature.
At the price, it must cut some corners, right? Not so! Presto has been making these things for a long time and it shows.
Works perfectly, easy to clean, and replacement parts are widely available if needed.
I wish Presto sold it in a kit with the glass cover and vegetable basket, but...it gets an easy five stars anyway.
Not a big deal IMO, but if it bothers you, you'll need to spend two or three times as much.
I've been using Pressure Cookers for years, and was under the assumption that "size does matter".
Some tools are nice to have for those rare times when you need them, but this one gets used regularly.
I talked her into replacing it for something new, shiny and fancy.
The quality is there, and the locking mechanism is STRONG.
It's not a latch on the handle like a traditional pressure cooker.
This unit has slots all around the pan that link up to the lid, and you rotate the lid to seal the unit.
That means there's more than 8 latches on the pan.
Those beans aren't getting out any time soon.
Some people have dinged this product because it is small.
I wanted a smaller pot for making smaller batches.
The only thing that is a bit flimsy is the pressure regulator.
I had this in my wishlist & received it for Christmas.
I've used it several times & I love it.
Its smaller than the one I had previously but that is perfect for us.
Only 3 at home anymore.I love that this is made of stainless steel.
I appreciate that a LOT!Its a great product and Im so happy to have it.
Before purchasing this pressure cooker, I went to Macy's and bought an aluminum pressure cooker because it was on sale.
After cooking my meal, I noticed the inside of the pressure cooker had become terribly discolored.
I did not want my family eating out of that pressure cooker.
It is stainless steel, easy clean-up and no discoloration.
I should have known better because I had a Presto for over 25 years.
The rocker on my old one wore out and I knew it was time to get another.
If you're looking to replace an older model or just plain looking for a new pressure cooker, you won't be disappointed with this one.
I used this as a Christmas gift and the recipient couldn't have been more pleased.
I had a very bad experience with a pressure cooker.
I swore at that time to never let one in my house again.
Well, time passed and my patience with cooking grew more thin.
Beef and pork roast as well as turkey breast have been brought forth in no time at all.
Potatoes cooked to perfection in short minutes.My biggest probem is where to keep it so it is handy at all times!I highly recommend this item.
Once I finally pulled it warily from its boxand sealed it for its first trial in my home, I was hooked.
I decided to get rid of my old aluminum pressure cooker due to concerns about cooking in aluminum.
This one is way nicer, once I figured out the gizmos.
I bought this as a replacement for my 40 year old pressure cooker.
This one is stainless steel and has a heavy bottom to prevent sticking.
It cooked a chicken in about 20 min.
It is very simple to use and also inexpensive.
Have used several times and I must say I am not disappointed in my decision!  I use this item at least 1-2 times a week.
My hubby and I bought this pressure cooker last year for our first experimental use with a pressure cooker.
We were unsure of what exactly we were doing but this pressure cooker was pretty self-explanitory.
We've used it to can salmon fish and every single can came out sealed to perfection.
We were SO pleased! We've also used it for ribs and potatoes and they are soo good.
We've turned tough peices of reindeer meat into butter with this thing.
I bought this one to replace a weight-less pressure pot.
That one has an issue of leaking steam and hence does not work.This cooker is lightweight, but works very well.
The size is great for 2 or 3 people but I would get a larger one for more people.
Everything comes out tasty and the meat are tender in such a short time.
The only problems I had were in the beginning.
Also be careful when you wash the lid.
I am so pleased with my purchase of the Presto 01362 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker.
For shorter cooking times, pressure cooking is certainly the way to go for beans and grains.
I am totally in love with this cooker.
Simple to use and a good looking cooking tool.
I've owned several pressure cookers over the years.
This one is my current favorite for several reasons.
It's the smallest pressure cooker I own and perfect for cooking for one or two people.
Next, I'm happy with the  quality of the product.
It's hefty enough to feel substantial, yet not so heavy that it's difficult to use and clean.
The  stainless steel seems to be of very good quality--I've  had no problem cleaning it.
Last, this pressure cooker seems to cook  faster than my Fagor 6-qt.
I don't know if it's a difference in the pressure cooker or because I'm cooking less food in this one, but I like the speed.
I don't find this pressure cooker particularly noisy--I turn down the heat once pressure is obtained.
I have nothing negative to say about this product--I'd buy it again.
It cooks quick and is easy to clean.
I have had several pressure cookers over many years and this one rates up there with the best.
Sturdy, well made, now has a heat-difusing plate on the bottom.
You need a good arm to lift this cooker whether it's full or empty as there's a lot of steel there.
Yes they're outsourced from Wisconsin to China - but someone is staying on top of the process and this is still a good product.
Full size thick heat disk on bottom for even heat distribution, heat retention (for searing) and efficiency.
The most dishwasher safe pressure cooker I've looked into (though I don't have a DW and wouldn't bother to use one).
The fairly wide base was not too wide, and worked fine for cooking a single serving of rice (1/2 cup dry rice).
I have the fingers of a professional cook and have touched the metal part w/o getting burned, but it is freaking hot.
This is a gift item and it is perfect for the Christmas present recipient.
It is the right size for use and for storage.
I've owned a Presto pressure cooker for many years and have been very satisfied with it.
I purchased this one for my brother, who loves to cook and loves new gadgetry.
Mission accomplished: we're both very happy with our purchase.
Just a note, when considering pressure cookers, look for stainless steel.
It cooks better, cleans better, feels more secure.
This seems to be a high quality product at a very reasonable price.
It quickly cooks two or three pounds of chicken for salads, sandwiches, or freezing.
Cook a pork roast with your favorite barbeque sauce in 30-45 minutes and enjoy pulled pork sandwiches infused with the flavor of the sauce.
This would be a great tool for the cook who likes make- ahead meals and stocking the freezer for quick-reheating weekday dinners.
Get the stainless steel model to avoid the reaction of aluminum to acidic foods.
all the reviews are really good which led my purchase.
after three uses, i found the quality is not any superior than my previous pressure cooker.
i give a four star rating for its quality and three star for its price.
We love the Stainless Steel pressure cooker, instead of the aluminum pressure cookers that are apt to leave contaminates in your food.
this is by far the best product for a family of two.
We enjoy the ease of use and easy clean up.
This is a very basic, high quality pressure cooker.
There are no &#34;frills&#34; (does such a thing exist on such a utilitarian appliance?), but it will suit your needs perfectly.
It is large, and can fully cook beans in 20 minutes instead of 2 days.
This is a simple but good pressure cooker.
I have owned the same model for several years.
I bought this one for my daughter and gave her a few &#34;cooking lessons&#34; with it.
This is a heavy gauge stainless steel pot!  The gaskets are thick and sturdy.
It has a lid locking mechanism that is a great safety feature!  It is a roomy 6 quart pot.
I owned another one for many years--it eventually had to be retired.
My daughter replaced it with a TFal brand pressure cooker which neither one of us was happy with.
I think my daughter learned not to buy any other brand of pressure cooker but a Presto.
The only down part is that you can;t see through the lid to notice if you are running low of liquid :(.
I had a Presto 6QT pressure cooker that was stolen by a Bimbo.
I got an 8QT foreign made pressure cooker but I liked the Presto, missed it and decided to get another one.
The old one was American made and the Stainless Steel at the top seemed to be a bit heavier.
This one  has a heavier bottom due to the sandwiched in clad aluminum.
The one Drawback is that it is Made in Communist China.
I can't detect any difference in the way that it cooks.
This is an investment every house cook should make.
The meats come out super duper tender and it takes no time at all.
I love my pressure cooker and this smaller size is perfect for my husband and I since it's just the two of us.
Aluminium eventually peels off and isn't as durable, plus it's toxic for you.
Oh, and cleaning is a snap!!! Dishwasher safe and even is  you do it by hand, nothing sticks :) good purchase.
What more can you say?  Replaced an old Presto pressure cooker that served over 30 years before the handle broke.
Steer clear of the cheap Mantra pressure cookers sold in Target.
Those ones are dangerous and are not UL approved!.
I bought this to quickly make stocks, and cook soups and vegetables.
It really does work, and makes yum-yum foods quickly, when one doesn't have the time to spend 3 hours making foods.
I'm impressed by the quality of the stainless steel, particularly the bottom, which is pretty thick.
I don't see any downsides to owning one.
Gas and electricity has gone up so much lately.
Pressure cookers can help you save by making cooking a lot much faster.
It comes with a compact user guide and a small cookbook.Pressure cookers can be dangerous, so make sure to read the safety precautions.
Never fill it more than 2/3 of its capacity.
You do not want aluminum for health reasons.- We have been using this for more than 5 years.
Other pressure cookers (but more expensive) has a  non-removable pressure valve.
It is often get misplaced.- The rocker makes quite a bit noise.
Am a strong believer in pressure cookers and have used them for many years.
Have always used foreign made cookers because years ago they were better quality than the American made cookers.
Have a Magefesa and several Fagors and started having quality and service problems with them (see my review under Fagor's 6qt.
Finally, in desperation, decided to try a new American made Presto since they were now made of Stainless steel and had good ratings with Amazon.
Got one on sale from Amazon with free shipping and received it lickety-split in great shape (thanks Amazon).
Read the user's guide which walked me through an easy assembly and proceeded to cook a pot of beans.
Straight forward simplicity and as well engineered as one could ever expect and as a bonus, much easier to clean.
Kudos to current American products for a now great cooker.
If you like pressure cookers, give the Presto a try!!!.
This is my second Presto Pressure cooker, the first one had wooden handles, and was made of aluminum (still in service).
Aluminum not being compatible with Induction Cooking I got the Stainless Steel.
The encapsulated bottom creates that perfect heat distribution for searing and browning.
The new sealing ring is a wonder all by its self when compared to the ones of the 1940's.
Do I sound happy with this cooker, That's because I am.
The first thing I cooked was a pot of Pinto beans,(see photo) the pressure cooker cooked them 14 times faster than a conventional pan.
Clean up is a breeze, and to keep that just out of the box look I use Bar Keepers Friend.
I shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future.
This review was written assuming the reader knows a little bit about Pressure Cooking.
It's a simple design, a pot and lid.
I've been using them for 20 years and the expensive ones are no better than the Presto- Only an amateur cook would believe different.
The Prestos cook just as good and just as fast as the Rikons.
Save your money for the good espresso maker.
Now I'd absolutely hate to be without this fast and safe way to cook.My first experiment was a recipe for Chicken Cacciatore.
Three pounds of chicken cooked for 10 minutes (at 6000' altitude) and was fork-tender and delicious.
My next endeavor was a ham and bean soup, which cooked for 35 minutes without having to presoak the beans, and it turned out perfectly.
Next came a pot roast with potatoes, which cooked for 45 minutes starting partially frozen, and was perfect.
Then tried a chicken with plum sauce--again a nine-minute success.
The safety precautions are easy, and are fully described in the accompanying manual.I also recommmend Lorna Sass' book "Pressure Perfect", for beginners.
This book is a well-written primer on pressure cooking, with recipes that are reliable and carefully written.
The recipes have a degree of creativity, but are all things that "real people" eat.Happy cooking!.
Cleans up easily & love the fact it is stainless steel.
I also have the 8-quart stainless steel model by Presto and I don't like that one as much as this one.
I like the little rocker on top better because I know exactly how much pressure it has.
You just have to be careful when you do this.
That method takes about a minute, plus there's steam all over the place.
This size is just right for one or two people.
Reviewed many pressure cookers before deciding on this one.
While it requires a bit of assembly (handles and valve) these are minor issues.
Very well made cooker and the 64 page booklet included useful information and recipes.
Bought the 4 quart model since use for one person most of the time.
Not having used pressure cooker before appreciated the warnings and useful tips on how to use safely.
Like the fact that Presto has replacement seals when needed.
Obviously cooker is useless if do not have this seal and in time am sure will require replacement.
Buying one for my daughter as well who is busy career woman and wants to eat healthy and quickly.
Keeping nutrients and vitamins in the food a plus as is the savings in time cooking a good meal.
Easy to recommend this item.The instruction book that comes with this cooker is probably one of the best I have read in recent years.
At the same time it is also very detailed in the care, maintenance and handling of the cooker.
For example, it recommends replacing the seal and the safety plug once every two years.
Of course that probably depends on the amount of use and the care you take of the product.
In any case recommends replacing the safety plug when you replace the seal.
Both are available on Amazon but this will mean a continuing cost to use the product.
At the moment using Amazon Prime cost is about $15 for the pair of items or roughly $7.50 a year if replace every two years.
I do highly recommend anyone wanting to use the product to read the instructions very carefully and perhaps highlight the key items.
For example what foods to cook and more important what foods not to cook.
What level in the pot to use for various items depending on their expansion during cooking.
Various tips on how to clean (and how not to clean) the pot are very useful.
The instructions with this cooker are quite different.
They are important to use the product safely and to get the most value out of the product.
But an hour or so spent learning about he product will pay off in better cooking, shorter time spent cooking and more healthy eating.
I plan to show her mine and see if she will spend the time to learn the system.
Or give her mine and buy second for myself.
To me it is worth spending the time to learn about safely using this product but I can see that it is not for everyone.
It is not a pot you just pour water into, stick lid on and fire up the burners.
But once you learn how to take care of it and use it I think you will be extremely pleased with the cooking experience.
And the time spent learning and caring for the cooker will pay off in shorter and better cooking.
For those willing to invest a little time, bon appetite!.
This pressure cooker is made of heavy gauge steel, and you immediately feel the quality over the cheaper ones.
My wife uses it to make Beef Stew, and pork chops, and everything comes out tender and juicy, with no burning.
As many folks out there, including Anthony Bourdain I too was scared of pressure cookers.
After I purchased this my first one I made sure to study the entire manual, as if for a school test.
The heavy base and material compound allows for some nice browning of meat, which is essential for good flavor.
The rubber gasket and stopper can't go in the dishwasher but the other parts can.
I also like that's it's stainless steel as opposed to aluminum.
I ordered the Presto Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker, I have nothing bad to say about the product or about Amazon.
I got my order pretty much on time...1 day late with free shipping.
I've ordered from Presto before with no complaints or with Amazon at this time.Mookie in Chicago.
My good friend was longing for a pressure cooker, so I thought I would surprise her with an early birthday present.
It is nice looking and has the same footprint as the 4 qt.
cooker (which is nice in a small kitchen).
She brought some beans she made in it to a cookout, and they were delicious.
I think it is a good value for the price.
I have always been afraid of pressure cookers because as a child my mother always banned me from the kitchen when she was using one.
Well, twenty some odd years later I finally purchased this one.
I read the instruction booklet and the first night made mashed potatoes and a pot roast.
It was so easy to use and easy to clean.
I am already planning on making BBQ pork ribs next!  Whoo-Hoo! Buy it! Use it!....but read the instructions first! Enjoy:-).
My mother bought me this nearly exact cooker many years ago, and it got lost in a move about 5 years ago.
I had used my old one for about 7 years and it was fine.
16 minutes later, drained the water off and used my handy dandy mixer and had the best creamiest fluffiest mashed potatoes ever.
IT WAS AND STILL IS A GREAT COOKER.
I've owned this pressure cooker for two months now and it's working like a dream.
model I bought thePresto 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cookerand love it just a bit more than this smaller size.
I've owned and used a 4 quart pressure cooker for 38 years and have been delighted that parts are still easy to get for it.
It is, however, well designed for cooking and the design well executed.
The handles (there are three) are not attached but are easily assembled using 5 phillips screws.
I used some heat resistant anti-seize compound sparingly on the threads.
The same as I use on the spark plugs in my car.
The lid interlock prevents the lid from being opened when the pot is pressurized.
It just takes a little more attention to alignment.
The lid sealing ring is thinner, but is actually easier to grease and install in the lid.
Finally, the gauge of the stainless steal is exactly as thick as my older 4 quart cooker although it appears thinner.
The sides, lid, and bottom of the older models are uniform thickness and are heavy enough to spread heat evenly.
This cooker now has a layer of aluminum to help spread the heat evenly across the bottom of the pot.
This layer is clad in stainless steel, so all exposed surfaces, most importantly, the bottom, are stainless steel.
The pot and lid are highly polished, but the bar code sticker was a little difficult to get off the side.
I can do things with a pressure cooker which cannot be done with a microwave!.
I bought this pressure cooker to make chili.
I've never owned or used a pressure cooker and was a bit nervous when I fired it up for the 1st time.
It heat up real quick using a ceramic glass cook top, and I was to able to brown the meat realitively quick.
The contruction of this pressure cooker looks very high quality and well made.
I think anyone who desires to cook should have a pressure cooker and this is a verygood one.
I received this a few days ago from Amazon.
This is a great pressure cooker and the size of 4 Quarts is ideal for me.
I made beef stew (cuban style) which is stew beef and potatoes with olives.
It came great and this 4 Quarts is big enough  for this recipe, with gravy and everything.
This is a great product for its quality and price.
Got this cooker about a month ago haven't stopped useing it yet don't know how I got along without it for so long.
glad i didn't get an electric one I saw on QVC.
It works on my induction cooktop well also.
A little delicate if bumped, and a little hard to clean,  but otherwise good.
My Mom always told me horror stories about pressure cooker, but I really wanted one after listening to my friend's successful experience with it.
I've had one before and someone from the moving company we used stole it.
We had used it for 10 years and it was still nice enough to take.
And now I find it on Amazon for $29.99! Can't beat the price.I hope the stew recipe is in the new owner's manual.
It was some of the best stew we've ever had.
I love meals from a pressure cooker way more than meals from a crock pot anyway.
Sturdy construction and the additional support tells you that it was made with quality and comfort in mind.
I doubt if you will find a 4 quart pressure cooker with the additional support handle.
Check this out before you buy another one.
I good some collards in this and it works just fine.
I prefer the stainless over aluminum.Presto is a good name and it's been around a while.
Actually, I prefer these first generation cookers where you have the jiggler on top that jingles when the pressure is built up.
Was looking around to see is there any way to cook some things faster and I found this Presto Pressure Cooker.
I can't imagine how we (my wife and me) did all cooking before! It is soooo faster and easier with this pressure cooker.
Made in China, but quality is outstanding and overall construction is very sturdy and will last long.
I feel it safe enought also, they are 3 different systems integrated so it will not blow in your hands.
With no doubt, must have item for every house.
I'll get 6-Quart Presto sometime soon to coock large quantities which I will pack using FoodSaver and store in the freezer.
It definitely worth every penny and I can't believe it cost only $30.
I was raised with Presto pressure cookers, and have used others.
I purchased the steamer for my daughter and myself,  and the lid for myself.
These products have been welcome additions to our cooking tools.
Do not be afraid to spend the extra money for them...they are well worth it!.
I was so delightfully surprised to see how quickly this pressure cooked cooked my meat and stews.
This pressure cooker packs a real punch by tenderizing my poultry in a short space of time.
Great value for such an awesome pressure cooker.
Presto 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure CookerThis pressure cooker has many positive points:  stainless steel, included rack for inside the cooker, and a good locking lid.
I've cooked beef, chicken, and pork with it, and it performs very well.
It's far superior to the aluminum one I had.
The recipe booklet had excellent suggestions so I can easily adapt my other favorite recipies to the pressure cooker.
Presto has been around for years and I had one in the way back but was a bit afraid to use a pressure cooker.
Now...many years later....I bought a new Presto and I don't know why I was ever nervous.
This one is so simple and the instructions could not be more clear.
I especially wanted it to cook dried beans.
Not only are they much cheaper than canned beans they actually taste better.
The thing is holding up and has not been discontinued yet so we are quite satisfied with it.
I found this pressure cooker to be everything I wanted.
Great size, easy to use, easy to clean up.
I purchased this for my mother who loves to cook (for everyone).
It helps her cut the cost of using her oven.A good buy.
I have never seen any signs of the metal layers splitting, the pot warping, and there has been no denting from handling and washing.
Pressure cookers prepare these things quickly and make them taste like they've been cooking forever.
This basic model is fine for weekly use in my household.
I am definitely curious about newer types of cookers, but personally wasn't ready to pay more money for something I wasn't sure I would need.
I hate to cook and have never used a pressure cooker.
After reading all the helpful reviews I made the leap and bought this one.
I LOVE IT!!!  It is not hard at all and I can't believe how fast it cooks.
I bought this 6-qt stainless pressure cooker and have been very pleased with it.
It is 'induction' ready, too, for those who cook by this method.
It finally bit the dust so I decided to try a stainless steel cooker.
This one is taller, but not as wide, as my previous cooker.
However, it is plenty big to hold a 3-4 pound chicken or roast, which is what I usually cook in it.
So far I really like it - and no problems yet with hardware rusting like I've read in a few reviews.
I would recommend this one to anyone who needs a not-too-big pressure cooker!.
I am very happy with the quality, price, and versatility of this pressure cooker.
I have made some great tasting quick meals in a pinch, and use it as a 6 quart sauce pan as well.
As with any pressure cooker be careful with moving it!.
6 quart is the perfect size for beans and lintels.
If we were omnivores we'd need a bigger pot, but for vegans, 6 quart is perfect.
Stainless steel is high quality and supposedly healthier than aluminum.
I was so glad I got this pressure cooker and use it fairly often.
I don't know why it took me so long to get one.
I look a lot of lamb and beef , this makes the job quick and easy.
1 min pressure and meat is tender but maintains flavor.
Needs rubber change in 3-6 months depending on usage.
This is nothing fancy, but it works wery well.
You can't open it if it's under pressure because it has a lock by the handle (safety feature).
The Kuhn-Rikon also allows less water to escape.
I keep both of them but I haven't used the presto for 4 months now.
Considering I bought the Presto in 1999, it's amazing that it works perfectly even though it got heavy use.
I even put the rubber seal and the lid in the dishwasher every time and it still held up.
It's my backup cooker now as I can't let go of something that still works fine.
This is my first pressure cooker and I really like it.
For this price, it is a good choice for those who aren't sure if they will use it much.
Beans that normally take 2 hours to simmer in a sauce pan are done in 20 minutes in the pressure cooker.
I was afraid to use it at first but there are safety features which should make you comfortable using it.
As long as it is under pressure, you cannot open the top.Although I do like this product, it is overly large for my needs.
Because the pressure cooker is so fast, there's really no need to make large batches of things.
I never really thought I would be writing a review to praise a pressure cooker.
This cooker is a pleasant surprise, because none of these problems happen with this Presto.
I simply dumped lentils, carrots, peas and pearl onions altogether into this cooker and boom, after 30 minutes, the lentils soup was ready.
Now, you may think what is so special about this.
It blended the lentils and vegetables in such a beautiful way that it was just ready to eat.
So, that means, nothing was spilling during the cooking process.
It is the most controlled and well-designed cooker I have ever used in my whole life.
I am guessing the cool down time is also part of the cooking process.
The instruction/cook book that comes with it is very right on and helpful.
Very east to clean, make sure you take out the rubber gasket from the lid and clean it well after each use.
I have read that pressure cooking retains more nutrients in the food than any other type of cooking.
Makes sense because so little steam or anything escapes.
I have owned and used this cooker for several years.
It is the perfect size for my 2 person household.
Many empty nesters and those with small kitchens will find this a terrific product.The accessories make this pot multifunctional and expand its usefulness.
The options are unlimited and so you are not stuck with only pot roast or stew.
You can even bake  cheesecake in the pressure cooker.
Many hardware stores (mom and pop as well as large chains) carry thePresto Pressure Cooker Sealing Ring/Overpressure Plug Pack (4 & 6 Quart).
I needed a 4-quart stainless steel sauce pan and a stovetop pressure cooker.
I already own an 8-quart electric pressure cooker but wanted something smaller for the smaller meals.
So far I have used it as a pressure cooker 2x, searing meat 1x, and sauteing unions 2x.
I'm glad I went this route instead of buying this Presto cooker and shelling out another $50-60 for another stainless steel sauce pan.
It replaced a broken belt in the Eureka c2000 series upright, and after month later it still works.
Although the description says Genuine Eureka belts, they came in generic plastic bag.
They seem to wear about as well as the original belt.
While you're at it, stock up on bags, too.
I have tried generic belts in the past and most have suffered from premature failure and "burnout".
Some have even cracked and broke as a result of the heat and friction created when the motor is running.
It all depends on the type--and quality--of the rubber folks.
There is a reason manufacturers recommend sticking with genuine replacement parts.
Though generic belts/bags *may* fill the void, my experience has always been less than positive.
These fit my 30+ year old Eureka upright perfectly and make it run like new once again.
I also refuse to part with this machine because I firmly believe it outperforms many of the newer models on the market today.
What's more, the maintenance and design of these older vacuums are such that you can usually do the work yourself.
If you understand how these vacuums work and are mechanically inclined, they are virtually maintenance free.
There is literally nothing that can go wrong on these machines except the belt and the occasional light burnout.
I generally need to change my mine roughly every 2-3 months depending on use.
Also, carpets with tassels and loose threads wreak havoc on these things--get rid of them.
Overall, I'm quite pleased and hope that Eureka continues to make these available for the long term.
Do what they are supposed to, work well with my vacuum.
Don't kid yourself into buying non-name brand belts.
These belts are not joined horizontally which would cause them to break much, much more quickly.
They're bonded vertically all the way around which makes them very strong.
It's worth a few extra pennies to buy something that's going to last much longer.
In the past I have taken my vacuum to a vac shoppe to have belts replaced.
Decided to try it myself, but couldn't find the belts in local stores for my vacuum.
These work and it was easy to do.
I got this for my old Vac.Fits fine, works, i have a spare, life is good.
I ordered this belt for my vacuum and it turned out to be the wrong one.
GoVacuum customer service researched the correct belt and offered to not only give me a refund, but send the correct belt free of charge.
Very nice people to deal with and extremely knowledgeable about products.
I've been vacuuming for over 40 years and I enjoy trying new products.I have a myriad of machines, from $100.00 to $1400.00.
No matter what I try, Eureka makes the best vacuuming products and this particular model is best for carpets.
It's easy use is a huge plus for me - no need to disassemble, re-arrange, clean or empty trays, reassemble, etc.
I just tap the 'On' button, release the handle and go.
I'll buy one of these for every floor in the house and keep each plugged in and ready to go.
I've only had this vacuum for 2 months but it's everything the other reviews said it was.
I have two long hair cats and it has no problem with all of the shedding.
Assembly is a cinch, took me under 1/2 hour.
Returned my Oreck in favor of this one.
It still runs, but the motor bearings are worn out.
This one appeared almost identical to the original so I couldn't resist ordering it.
The shape of the motor housing has been modernized a bit but most of the machine is identical, wheels, handle, belt, bag, etc.
It is reasonably quiet, quite light, and is inexpensive.
(The bag-less is better on carpets.) In addition, it works well for use in our RV.
This vacuum really sucks....but in a GOOD way.The motor is plenty strong.
You can actually see it pick up the carpet.
You'll probably need to replace the handle before the motor gives out.Overall, I'm glad I bought it.
The $ (dollar) value of the vacuuming power is awesome.
It is a great advantage to not have additional attachments that will take away from the main vacuum.
At the value of this vacuum, one can afford an independent and highly effective smaller hand-vac if hose attachments are desired.
The long cord (20 feet or so) doesn't retract, you just wind it over hooks on the handle.
It's also a lot less noisy than my smaller bagless.
It comes in a flat box, minor assembly required.
My original vacuum had a hepa filter on it that needing replacing and apparently the manufacturer no longer made them.
I ordered this vacuum because all it needed was a bag.
It cleans the carpet just as well as the old model.If you just need to vacuum the floor, this model is great.
Great to be able to get replacement parts for my machine.
Have enough to last me for guite awile now.
They're easy to replace, and they do a good job filtering the dirt out.
They fit the model of vacuum I have and do a good job of filtration.
They fit the vacuum cleaner and they retain dust and dirt.
What else is there? They work OK, in other words,.
These are vacuum cleaner bags from the original equipment manufacturer.
They are inexpensive, they fit, they work, they make you happy.
Been useing these vacuum bags for many years they are good quality and the price here was very good wold recommend to others.
Since I didn't write at least 20 words the first time, I'll more fully recommend these bags.
a convertible and a concept two (which I think is from the 80's, and still is wonderful) so I use a lot of bags.
I would much rather throw a bag away than have to empty that cylinder every day.
Well, since I found that I can buy them locally for the same price, or the Arm and H.
Hopefully I have covered the subject well enough for Amazon.
Just did a review for a different bag from Hoover & as stated there they work, did the job and no complaints on my part.
I am a Hoover fan and avid user of their vacuums.
Therefore I always purchase Hoover Vacuum Bags where I know I will get the same quality of bag as I have in the vacuum.
These never disappoint and a great prize on Amazon.
I don't know what else is there to say about a vacuum cleaner bag, but this one is a good one.
Easier for me to purchase from Amazon than to go out to the stores.
The bags were received promptly and are everything I needed (with the exception of 1 million dollars).
I love buying things I use constantly from Amazon instead of searching through stores looking for different items.
When you get a bit older and knees and arthritis bother you,  Amazon is heaven sent.
These bags work perfectly for my old Hoover vacuum.
Bought enough so I won't run out for quite some time.
There's not much to say about vacuum cleaner bags; if you need them, you buy them.
These bags are durable and easy to install and remove.
I've used a number of them and never had an issue of bags breaking or leaking.
They are allergen filtration bags and trap dust mites, mold and cat dander.
Well, it's hard to write a review about a vacuum cleaner that you honestly don't love.
The bags are murder to install in the cleaner.
The Hoover F4300 Floormax Supreme I ordered Dec.
I have not used it to polish, but I'm sure it would do a good job.
I just have a lot of hard floor to scrub.
Blessings to you in all your floor maintenance adventures.
And it has lasted for years through a lot of abuse.
But it is light weight and buffs my wood floors nicely.
I am actually looking forward to when I can use it.
The price is also well within range for the average person.
I have used Hoover products regularly for most of my adult life.
A bit tricky to put together, tube to the water dispenser didn't fit right, but I rigged it up and it works fine.
No other alternative in this price range, I'm overall happy.Mike.
This is a GREAT, light weight cleaning machine.
I'm cleaning a house to put on the market and this little machine has already saved countless hours.
The entire lower level is tile and the upper level is carpet with a linoleum floored kitchen.
I got the tile cleaned in no time with this machine, it did a beautiful job cleaning and restoring the tile to like new condition.
I have started cleaning the carpet and am very pleased with the results.
The carpet brushes get right up to the baseboard so there are no dirty carpet edges.
I also cleaned the old linoleum in the kitchen and was surprised how beautiful this old floor actually is.
I expect to be using this buffer for years to come.
My Mom bought me one of these from Walmart when I was in middleschool.
its lasted half a lifetime and still doesnt even have a strach on it.
I bought four of these for $27 each at Home Depot.
I carry them in the back of my pickup truck when I need tools and toss them in the garage when I don't need them.
It makes it easy to load my truck in a hurry.What I like about them.1.
Lid is fairly sturdy--you can sit on one if you are careful.4.
Having a bunch of them, means they all are the same height if you want to build a platform.5.
Locking handles have a solid secure feel to them.7.
With only one handle locked it act like a hinge--you can open it from one side.8.
You can write on the lids with a Sharpie pen.9.
I've had something similar but larger and found it was too hard to lift when loaded.
These are a good size.What I didn't like.1.
I was going to return it, but they were out.
I can repair it with a drill and a cotter pin--so I decided to keep it anyway.2.
Hard to find more locally.I'd buy more of these if I could find them.
I use them to sort tools and activities by type.
For example, I use one for power tools, one for fiberglass materials, one for general tools.
I'd like one for camping gear.I'd give it five stars except for the one defective one I purchased.
I'd recommend buying them locally and carefully inspecting them to be sure you have ones that are defect free.
For transport or storage these can't be beat.
I use them for power tool storage and another for camping stuff,.
We purchased two Action Packer cargo boxes to fit on our Valley Cargo Carrier.
The 48-gallon and the 32-gallon boxes fit perfectly side-by-side on the carrier.
We expected the boxes to be rain-proof and waterproof, and they do not disappoint.
We leave them outside when we camp, through some severe thunderstorms and still no rain gets in.
But it is certainly an option for those who want it, and looks pretty easy to accomplish.So why 4 stars instead of 5? The handles.
I wish that the handles were deeper or perhaps had folding handles.
The boxes are difficult to carry when heavily packed.
I might try to drill out holes to add rope handles, but that water tight issue has stopped me so far.
Other than that one detail, these cargo boxes are perfect for us.
This box is absolutely perfect for what I intended.
Maybe even a bit of overkill on my part (this thing is super solid) but better safe than sorry.
The latch hole might be a bit tricky with a different style of lock.
Not impossible, but a heckuva lot harder to use than the cable.
OMG!!! this thing is HUGE!!!I just love these things.
I bought this to mount on a bike trailer from CycleRevolution in Oregon.
This was perfect!It clamps down well, is a good size for my needs and appears like it will last a long time.
Easy enough to fix - but I would have imagined this would have been addresses prior to shipping.Otherwise, its a small, durable storage box.
Bliss to Iraq and so far it has held up 10X better then those flimsy foot lockers that they sell at the exchange.
Still locked, still in one piece, lid still closes.
Looks great, and everything inside is in one piece.
Would be better if it was taller and not as wide so one person could carry it.
As built now, you will need two people to handle this huge bin.
Would also help if the handholds were deeper.
Overall, very good.Update 11/22/11:  Not as durable as I had originally thought.
And yes, the lack of a decent handle is a major annoyance.
Still, it's a decent box that continues to function okay.
Sturdy enough construction and appear to be rugged and durable.
I fit a metric crap-ton of stuff in this thing.
Use it for a table when you're camping.
If you drop it in the water it will leak, but otherwise this is the best tub ever.
I bought it for the back of my daughter pick up truck (dodge Dakota).
My only disappointment was that it wasn't long enuf to kinda touch each side of the back.
I was hoping for it to fit snug but otherwise it's exactly what I was looking for just not long enuf.
I purchased it to store my hunting clothes.
It has plenty of room for bulky down jackets and insulated coveralls.
This is a great size, It fits, snugly, in the rear of our Sedona van with all the seats in place.
It is a nice size I carrly my tirechains, washer fluid, oil, stc.
Plus it looks very nice with our grey interior,.
Whatever issue the previous reviewer's had it has now been resolved.
This is a great product and came exactly as described!.
I bought an ActionPacker box exactly like this one many, many (20?) years ago to serve as a newspaper box on my front steps.
Wanted a storage box for my automotive products and rags.
It fits just fine in my smaller 2015 Honda Fit, solid build and keeps things orderly as I like it.
Its big, but you need room for a bunch of products, this is a good choice.
OTOH, if a tablespoon full of water is something you can tolerate, then it'll do that OK.
I suggest drilling weep holes in the bottom.
It worked for me carrying camping gear where I can live with a *little* bit of water in a rainstorm.
I have to say that I have this box mounted on the back of my KLR650 and it is freaking awesome.
Hurry and buy this now for your KLR.
We've used a couple smaller ActionPackers for camping.
Got this one for a "camp kitchen." Should have room for all the gear plus dry goods, etc.
These things are great--can be used as a seat or table.
Tough enough to deter many pesky small critters and should stay dry in most storms.
They stack very nicely and are lockable (2 padlocks not included), if additional security is important to you.
I have looked for a while for a wall mount fan and saw this at our Credit Union behind the cashiers.
I purchased it through Amazon and it's PERECT for my home office.
Very quiet, three speed and small enough to NOT blow papers around.
I don 't understand why they don't sell these in stores???.
The end result is that there is no power cord showing (just like in the picture (where the power cord must have been removed)).
The Leviton 688 and fan mounting plate also had to be modified just slighting in order to accommodate each other.
This is just the fan I have been looking for.
I have another 16&#34; of the same brand and they are very well made and I expect I will have many years of service.
I live in an apartment and it gets super hot sometimes.
I have one of these in the kitchen and one in the bedroom, both positioned next to windows to blow in fresh air.
I use the one in the kitchen when it gets hot from cooking, the one in the bedroom when it gets hot in the night.
I have no complaints about these, I will probably get another for the living room when it gets warmer outside.
Wall-mount fans are so practical, yet difficult to find.
This fan was the perfect solution to keeping cool in a small office with absolutely no space to place a fan otherwise.
However, read the instructions because, while easy, mounting is not necessarily intuitive.
In a small space (my office is approx.
9' x 10'), the lowest setting circulates the air plenty.
It runs quiet and has an extra-long cord to minimize the chance you will have to use an extension cord.
It includes a convenient cord, one tug on which turns the fan off.
The fan head adjusts up and down by hand-clicking into one of several pre-set positions (nothing to loosen).
The oscillation knob is in the traditional position on top of the fan, so keep that in mind when mounting.
If you mount it too high, it will be hard to reach.
Not an issue for me, because I always let it oscillate.
This is the second fan of this model I have bought and have not been disappointed yet.
I have had an older model Eureka mighty mite canister vacuum for over ten years.
I have had quite a few vacuums over the years where models have been discontinued and it becomes virtually impossible to find bags.
The new hose is much softer and tends to kink easily.
I still like the product but have to deduct one star for the hose quality.
She says it works great is lightweight and easy to move around.
We have only tile and wood floors so this is the best little vacuum for us.
I have owned a LOT of vacuums in my day, both canister and upright and some of them were really expensive.
But this little Vac has the most powerful suction of anything I have every owned.
Even more powerful than my old Dyson!  I could hardly believe it when I turned it on.
So there's no hepa filters, or bagless, or retractable cord or fancy light or carpet beating head.
And you can hit it with your foot so when you go from the rugs to the floors you don't have to stop.
There is also a thing on the handle to open up so that it reduces the suction on the head.
Before I knew what it was I sucked my hand in and pinched my finger.
But it will let you cut down on your suction.All in all, I'd say this is well named and an excellent buy.
It seems well made too and I hope to get a lot of wear out of it.
My husband had one for years and it finally died.
He was very pleased when we were able to find another one to replace the old one.
Mind you this is only one of probably 5 different shop vacuums he owns.
Like cooking you need the right tool for particular jobs.
Disposing the bag keeps all the dirt together.
This is a very lightweight, all plastic vacuum - not really a true canister vac.
I purchased this vac solely for use in vacuuming my automobiles and it is perfect for that.
The unit is extremely light - perhaps only four pounds or so - meaning that it can easily be lifted and moved around.
As well, the small head attachment is double-headed.
The only tool that is lacking somewhat is the narrow wand used for getting into tight places.
The wand is designed with a notch cut up into it, so you cannot achieve full suction.
The bag is large enough that you could vacuum dozens of full sized cars before having to change it.
The unit functions perfectly for such use, but it is a bit noisy and gets very hot from even a couple of minutes use.
It is a very light duty vacuum and not one that I would consider using extensively in my house.
Fed-Ex just dropped it at my door a matter of minutes ago.
Thought I would give it quick test on the kitchen floor.
Before I realized it, the entire 2 bedroom apartment was clean in a couple of minutes.
It whizzed across the ceramic tile floors and short nap throw rugs.
Who knew this kind of power could be had for 65 dollars?  Excellent value.
How can such a light weight vacuum have so much power?  It took me longer to write this review then vacuum the entire apartment.
I ordered this vacuum nearly a year ago and absolutely LOVE it.
BUT the hose that came with it was flimsy and would collapse, thus limiting suction.
I contacted Eureka about this and they shipped me a new hose which is much stronger.
I was very impressed with the customer service.
We own a cleaning company and use the commercial version of this little vacuum almost exclusively.
It cost less than half of the commercial model but had the smaller motor.
It is a large filter that attaches over the exhaust port at the rear of the vacuum.
I've only seen one model that takes it although there may be others by now.
I like this vacuum and am glad I purchased it.
The price was good and for hard floors it it easy to use and is quite powerful.
It is hard to clear it but the suction hole in the handle helps enable you to "fish out" whatever is in there.
I wish that the handle was not bent.
It may make it easy to hold but the tendency for clogging is greatly increased.
You cannot beat the price and for hard surfaces it works better than any upright I have owned.
For the carpet in my bedrooms I do use an upright for so I would not suggest using this for plush carpet.
However it does work well on area rugs and low pile carpets.
Let's be honest: this is an inexpensive vacuum and yet, it lives up to everything the manufacturer says it does.
With the recent move, I didn't want to spend more than a $100 dollars but also didn't want to regret my purchase.
After carefully reading the reviews here - I decided on the Eureka.Here are some pros:1.
Very long extension - can reach high places easily4.
The hose where it connects to the vacuum rotates, creating smooth movement5.
The extension tubes sometimes don't stay attached while vacuuming (can be annoying)2.
It's still in the new stage for us, but so far I like it.
Very easy to use with all the adjustments.
I'd rate it a 5, but the parts are plastic and I'm not sure yet, if they will last.
I will update this review in a month or so.
This is one of the best vacuums I've ever come across.
My mom had an old Hoover that she got in the 1950s, and she had it for 30 years.
It would probably still be working if she hadn't ditched it for a newer model.
That was a super heavy-duty machine that could have taken care of twenty houses a day if need be.
I can reach all the way up to my 10-ft high ceilings with ease.
It grabs ALL the dust in corners and the attachments actually work getting into tight spaces.
I expect I'll still be using it in ten years, which, in this day and age, I can't say about very many things.
I inherited an expensive Hoover from my MIL (from the 1980s) and it was crap.
I did a better job sweeping with a broom! This little Mighty Mite could outdo that one any day of the week.
It also does a great job on upholstery and on the car.
I have cats and it's great for getting up shed hair, it's fantastic for crumbs and larger particles.
I've not had any clogs so far.Highly recommended.
For the money, this is a fantastic deal.
I use a Shark upright for area rugs and it does a great job.
Dragging them around was like often like trying to drag a reluctant mule out of the barn during feeding time.
Plus the hoses could be like wrestling a boa constrictor.
The Mighty Mite is light and easy to carry, follows along easily when pulled, and the hose is easy to handle.
The hose swivels easily on both ends and it is long, light, and easy to deal with.
The vac sits up politely while you coil it around the cord holders so it's not a hassle to wind in place.
Suction is good for such a small vac and it does a fine job on bare floors.
The bags are a decent size.CONS:  Suction control is in an awkward place near the handle so it's easy to accidentally adjust.
Wrapping a piece of blue tape (the handy girl's secret weapon) around it solved that problem.
The attachments are a joke as you might expect from a $56 vacuum.
However, this is easily solved by purchasing a high quality floor brush, duster brush, and upholstery cleaner.
I had several I had saved from previous vacs and they fit just fine on the round end of the wands.
You can get adapters if the attachments are too big for the wand.
You will probably NOT be happy with this vac if you have wall to wall carpet.
It does not have a powered carpet head so you can only do superficial cleaning of low pile rugs.
The cord is fairly short:  20 feet, so you'll have to move the plug more often than one with a longer hose.
Even if I had to replace it every year, the price would make that not prohibitive.
After our quite old Eureka canister vacuum had finally gone belly up, we were looking for an appropriate replacement.
Because this was needed primarily for cleaning hardwood floors, there were a few critical criteria.
It had to be strong, yet compact in size.
It should not be too loud, and the tool assortment should be appropriate for floors and vacuuming cat hair of various furniture items.
Finally, we did not want to have to mess around with cleaning out bagless vacuum containers.
The Eureka Mighty Mite 3670 came through with flying colors on all fronts.
It produces a powerful vacuum, easily maneuverable, convenient for storing, the noise is not too bad, and a good price.
This vacuum cleaner gives an excellent value, and, certainly, gets the job done that we bought it for.
Just got this to use for cars, garage (blow feature), and bare floors.
We are both tall and this has a good length of the rigid hose, and the flex hose, also of the cord.
We have a Dyson for carpets, but this is easier to handle, and for the price good performance, especially for hardwood, stairs, garage use.
Good price and light weight, makes it easy to store and carry out to the garage to clean the cars.
Nice long wands for ceiling cleaning (lots of spiders around here).
Drives my dogs crazy but what the heck, they get a treat later.
I chose this canister vacuum after reading the reviews.
I have an Oreck for my carpeting and am very happy with it.
It picks up dirt, lint, and dust with no problem.
I have not found the length of the cord to be a problem.
For a larger home, you will probably have to switch electric outlets.I rated the vac as a 4.
The crevice attachment was fine, but the combined brush and flat attachment was an odd configuration.
When doing my baseboards, I had to concentrate on keeping the brush end positioned correctly.
Also, the attachments are small in the area they cover.Another thing that may aggravate some folks is that this canister vac is very light.
I would not recommend this vac for large carpeted areas.
This is the best vaccumn cleaner I 've ever used.
Its not heavy and I'm way up in years.
It has a great  suction, it even cleans your baseboards.
However, the local vacuum cleaner store insisted that I examine the features before storming out of the store, so reluctantly I did.
I did purchase the better quality dusting brush as an acccessory.
And, my Dyson power-head for fur removal from upholstry fits the wands perfectly.
(Not so lucky with the Bosch I just gave away)Suction is excellent.
Wands simply pull apart -no tabs to lock together- which makes it faster when you want to add a brush.
Wands are made of plastic rather than metal & I've found they attract dog fur through electrostatic energy.
So, I gave them a spraying with "Static Guard" & voila - no more fur sticking to them!This little guy maneuvers easily & is lightweight.
It stores easily as well because of it's small size.
Bags are small, but they hold an entire houseful of fur so I only have to change them after one cleaning.
I've been spoiled by my other vacs which had them.
The cord is much longer than the one on the Bosch I just got rid of.
It's long enough to enable me to do two rooms, however, it's cumbersome to wrap underneath the vacuum when done.
It's an amazing little vac without all the expensive frills of higher priced units and does an amazing job for a tiny price tag.
I think I'm going to keep this one around for a LOOOOOONG time.
I wanted a small hand vac to get into tight places and to suck up bugs from the windows.
Mighty Mite was recommended and had good customer service rating plus the price was far below what I would have paid locally.
I have used a Eureka for years, so didn't hesitate to buy this one.
The vac works great but the head is poorly designed--I wish they would have kept the old configuration.
Maybe I just need to get used to it.
Our old one was a workhorse and served us well for many years.
This vacuum has great suction for a low end unit.
It arrived with a dented box, but everything in side was oaky.
The only feature I miss is a cord retractor.
So light and easy to move around, it's perfect.
These are very hard to find at local stores for some reason.
I didn't expect too much for an inexpensive canister vacuum.
I was purchasing to vacuum cat and dog hair on my carpeted stairs and to vacuum my car.
This little "mighty mite" packs a big punch.
Superb suction, compact and light weight, but does not feel flimsy.
Would recommend to anyone looking for a canister vacuum.
Absolutely love my Eureka 3670G Mighty Mite Canister Vacuum!The suction is great, unbelievable.
There has been a lot written on this vac so I won't repeat what I have already read.
The main things I can add are that 1) to beware that the inlet where the hose attachment is has no one way valve.
If you stand it on it's rear no problem.
2) the power switch is under a plastic bar which bends when you press it.
That means that some day the bending will eventually break the plastic bar and the switch will be exposed.
It is recessed and you would have to poke your finger into the hole once this breaks and it will.
Plastic only bends so many times before breaking.
Bad design, but for about $65 how can you complain.
I have all hardwood floors with cats and there are dust bunnies everywhere.
I think the cord length is perfect too.I just don't know when to change the bag!.
minus a star because the cord is manual.
It is a little awkward to move around, but I've managed to work with it.
I've had one of these for a couple of months and so far, so good.
The long hose is good for reaching under things but makes it a bit of a pain to store.
I think the plastic it is made of is a bit cheap and I wonder if it will hold up over time.
I didn't want to spend a lot though and think it's a good product for the price.
But good suction, a color I thought I'd mind but I don't, easy to assemble, stores easily, and does the job for a small apartment.
I only ever buy stand up vacuums but this one had great reviews and I thought, what the heck.
I hardly ever notice it trailing along behind me, and it has a really good suction! I love the long hose and different attachments.
Whereas I used to just vacuum my rugs, now my cleaning routine consists of me vacuuming everything in my house.
It goes from hardwood to carpet easily, the bags last a long time.
There are 2 cons on this product in my opinion.
1) the cord does not retract, and 2) the hose is somewhat thin and occasionally kinks.
It does seem the hose won't last long but I can't imagine it is much to replace.
Overall I like it, it does a great job cleaning the carpet and tile floors of my apartment.
The cord is long and the long handle makes it easy to get cob webs or in narrow spaces.
One only complaint is that it is a bit loud, but for the price and performance it is a small complaint.
This is a very handy, well made canister vacuum.
We had an older version that lasted for many years, we purchased a new one for my mother, then needed a new one for ourselves.
My law office is 2,000 square feet of carpeted and tiled floors.
We have an upright and a steam vac for the carpets and they do fine.
But for sucking up loose junk on tile and in between tiles it is great.
It is also great for cleaning drapes (floor to ceiling) and hard to reach spots because of the long wand extensions.
Wanted it for getting pet hair around the corners of the floors and the stairs.
Don't have to stoop over to use it.
This new little wunderkind is worth its weight in gold.
Not only arrived when you said, this NEWEureka works really, really well.Thank you all for being great to work with!  Ding.
This powerful little light-weight machine cleans my house in no time.
When the bag gets full, pop out that one and replace it with a new one.
My house is about 1500 square feet with only one small area rug.
But the floors with dog and cat hair, dust bunnies and garden bits tracked in are clean in no time.
Then I vacuum the big velvet couch and other furniture, dog pillows, and even the cob webs that appear now and again.
My last Mighty Mite lasted for twelve years, the previous one for eight.
Hard to look at another brand for vacuuming for me.
It is very powerful in such a small unit.
It is surprised me at the first time when I used it.
There is a small vent hole in conjunction of the handler.
I accedentally put my left hand over the hole (I should xeal the hole first).
The vacuum suck force made a bruise on my hand.The unit is very convinient (portable).
I used it for the hard wood floor and on my Mini-Van.
I do not need to buy another one for my mini-van.
The attachments are great for removing dirt in higher areas i.e.
The model number I am reviewing is the 3670G.
Fairly basic, but with all the necessary tools.
The hose is long enough to reach the ceiling without effort.
The suction is adjustable and far superior to that of an upright with attachments, which is exactly what I wanted.
Works very well on bare floor and carpet too.
Note, this does not have a beater bar, and don't think it was really designed for carpet only.
So, it is not going to take dog hair, for instance, out of a carpet as well as a regular upright.
For the purpose I need it for, it is wonderful.My only complaint is the cord, which is stored/wrapped on the bottom of the machine.
I recently put in hardwood floors and was looking for a light vacuum to use that would be quick to get the job done.
The cord doesn't retract, which is kind of annoying, but I'm willing to out up with that.
I need something to reach the ceiling easily - this fits the bill very well.
This vacuum cleaner is so much easier to use than the one it replaced.
The HEPA filter it had was a royal pain in the ...., it would clog up in not time at all.
After the first bag filled up I pulled it out and replaced it with a new one, simple, easy, done in no time at all.
It is so easy to maneuver it around the house you almost forget its following you.
This vacuum cleaner is one I should have bought in the first place, not to mention the amount of money it would have saved me.
Very pleased with this unit, and also the super service from Amazon.
I bought this because I have bare floors with just a few scatter rugs.
It works great on the floors, and is easy to move around, with a very long cord.
The thing we don't like is that the cord is not retractable, my husband thought that it was.
I have the suction back!First of all if you read the directions, there is something called a "blower" on the vacuum.
You need to disconnect the hose and re-attach it to the blower on the back of the vacuum.
here I found some clogged hair and lint.
I used some needle nose pliers to pull out the clogged debris.
Then I detached the hose and carefully used a straightened wire hanger to see if I could push anything up to the nozzle.
The clog was very small but had a huge impact on the suction.
The hose is kind of cheap, so you have to be careful/gentle with it.
The vacuum is awesome for specific purposes, but trying to use it on carpet and more intense jobs will wreck the vacuum.
I really like it for the hard wood floors though.
I had given it one star, until I unclogged the hose, now I realize it does work and you can fix the suction issues.
But you have to keep this vac just for specific purposes.
I figure that it served its purpose and just ordered a new one.
Not my dream machine, but certainly does the job.
good power and easy to maneuver compactaccessories are a bit flimsy -deserves 3 3/4 stars because of flimsy accessories.reasonable price.
I have all hard wood floors and love this.
The hoses and cords are really long too.
I can vacuum really fast with this, very good suction.
The woman who cleans for me, is happy as well, since this does the heavier jobs that need to get done.
Works on carpet or a small change and back to bare floors.
The bags are large for a small canister vac, they are VERY powerful (no comparison between this and the Oreck canister)!!!.
I also use this for my car-great for cleaning cars and in garages.
I also use one for cleaning the wood floor on my screen porch.
Would replace them again with this in a minute.
I volunteer my time cleaning at a cat rescue.
I run this vac almost two hours straight cleaning cement basement floors, and carpeted cat perches/furniture.
The machine can get hot, but it still has a powerful suction to a concrete floor with the vac head attachment.
Even with a overly full bag it still has suction and the cord is long.
I just wish the bags were larger though, as they fill up fast with cat hair and litter.
:) I do not suffer from elbow fatique considering how long I am using the machine.
The only issue I had was when a tiny cat toy got caught in the plastic pipe at the connection to the corrigated hose.
This happens quite often and the person who owns the vac fixed it by disconnecting those pieces.
This vacuum can handle being run hard and still works great.
I purchased one for my mother in law because its so easy to use, carry and to change the bags.
I think this Eureka Mighty Mite vac is better then the expensive mini Riccar I own.
We have a nu8mber of vacuums since we are compulsive cleaners.
This was a replacement t for a similar one we had owned for years.
Better than our last one which had seemingly died of old age.
affordable and efficient little giantIt is easy to use and really picks up dirt, feathers and hairI recommend it to any  one.
My unit is an older model which is called &#34;The Boss&#34; but is the very same as this.
Mine has EXCELLENT suction and I don't mind that it is a little noisy.
Mine is used for cleaning up around the woodstove.
It does an excellent job of sucking up ash and wood particles of various sizes.
I don't understand the negative reviews, unless these people received &#34;lemons&#34;.
I would highly recommend this vac for small jobs, I don't think it was intended to be used for  whole house vacuuming.
This is one of the best household products I ever bought.
This is a very powerful little unit and makes all those hard to clean areas a snap to clean.
I don't know what I did without this before.
I now can get all the floor corners and ceiling corners that were so hard to get with a regular Vacuum and attachments.
And, you can vacuum your car with this too.
You can't go wrong with this canister vac.
My wife had one of these from 10 or so years ago.
It was still going, but a rough step son had broken the plastic rods, etc.
My wife loves all of the Eureka products.
This is the second one of these that I bought.
I took the origional to use in my shop and garage and the new one is for the house.
They are powerful and dependable little portable vacs.
We used to have 4 which we used in our janitorial business and I don't think they can be beat.
Mighty Mite is a good name for this vacuum.
It has great suction and gets the job done for a price that can't be beat.
I have a low pile IKEA rug and it works amazing on it as well as my hardwood.
I like how simply each piece just fits into each other without any buttons to get broken off.
My only complaint that it has a little sliding piece to remove big debris before it gets sucked into the accordian part of the hose.
That sliding mechanism is great, but it's exactly where you put your hands when you vacuum.
So, from time to time it opens and you lose a little suction and it has pinched my hand.
That said, i can always slap a piece of tape on that part, because otherwise this vac is so good.
We needed a new vacuum and I could not decide on what i really wanted.
So far this thing has been pretty sweet for the price.
Your are obviously not going to get quiet, super cyclone, bagless, blah blah blah and I was not expecting that.
This thing is loud, takes bags and has is not easy to store.
Good suction whether the bag is empty or 3/4 full.
The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is the hose: the hose is too fragile and kinks too easily.
I wound up replacing the hose with one from another vacuum by swapping the ends.
Now it doesn't kink if you look at it wrong.And that is the ONLY negative I can find about this machine.
We own this vacuum and it has performed wonderfully for several years.
This purchase was a gift for our daughter.
I have been wanting a light-weight canister vacuum for stairs and hardwood floors.
This one has more suction than I'd imagined, and it is very light.
My only complaint is I wish it had a retractable cord.
I finally found a vacuum i like! I recently figured out that the upright vacuums I usually buy are not for me.
I had bought an oreck and got the buster buddy free...well the oreck upright bit the dust while the buster buddy trekked on.
It sucks so hard it pulls the carpet up a bit..and talk about pet hair.
With two angora long hairs i have to vacuum every day.
The head has a fabric which is like the old hand  lint removers we used to use.
I bought the Mighty Mite about a year ago and have been very pleased.
On the plus side, it has very strong suction and enough nozzle variety to get the job done.
It is light weight and easy to store.
There is no beater brush, but the brush on the nozzle and the great suction make up for it.
For what you pay, it is a very good purchase.
I have 4 dogs and this little vacuum has worked miracles for me.
Changing the bags is a breeze!  Great purchase for the money.
Bought this as a gift for elderly mother.
She was carrying her canister up and down the stairs and I wanted her to have one for each floor.
I liked the first one better, this one seems a bit on the cheap side.
The cord is stiff and the hose kinks up all the time.
we had one of these vacuums before and loved it until my wife turned it into a wet/dry vac which broke it.
we tried other replacements but in the end this vacuum was the only one that could do the job.
This is my second one, exactly same model.
I bought one for my summer house and then bought one for my other house.
The uprights pulled up the nap from my hand-knotted rugs and was causing bald spots.
The Mighty Mite has just the right amount of suction to clean the carpets but not denude them.I'm very happy with these canister machines.
I already had this vacuum for the first floor and wanted another for the second so I don't have to lug one upstairs.
At this price I was able to afford it.
This is one of the best vacuums for hardwood (or linoleum, tile) floors.
I also use it to suck cobwebs and dust off the ceiling with the brush attachment.
But, be warned, the suction is so strong that if you have wallpaper it could suck it right off the wall.
Be sure to lower the pressure which is adjustible on the side of the hose.
I can't say enough good things about this product.
It's lightweight, is easy to manuver, and cleans very well.
But, at this price, you can't have everything.
This vacuum is light weight, powerful, and maneuvers easily.
It works well on bare wood, tile or vinyl floors, upholstery, cobwebs, dusting, etc.
It does not work at all on carpet or rugs.
The hose, wands and attachments are all made of cheap plastic so be careful or they will crack.
The vent between the wand and the hose is located exactly where you hold the wand.
The first time I used the machine, my hand twisted it in such a way that it pinched my palm.
The pain was sever enough to make me consider returning the wretched thing.
My solution was to wrap the vent in duct tape.
Now it is useless but it can't bite me again.
The flimsy plastic hose and wand make it feel fragile.
The cord stores in a very unhandy place.
Should store somewhere on top for easy winding.
I hate, absolutely HATE, having debris on our hardwood floors.
So I did a lot of research and found this vacuum.
It has a very powerful suction AND it doesn't scratch our floors.
It is also lightweight and has a very long cord.
So when I vacuum, I usually gently tug the vacuum while holding the hose and the little guy follows me around like a loyal companion.
It is very versatile and includes different attachments to suit your vacuuming needs.
Changing of the bag is easy and mess-free.
I'v e had many vacuums over the years, but this is my favorite.
Does an equally good job on carpeting, wood floors and throw rugs.
Having had Eureka Mighty Mite for the last year, I am confident to say it works very well for my hardwood floors.
It sucks strong and is easy to clean out.
It is a great deal at its price point.
I have a Mighty Mite that I got 2nd hand 30 years ago.
I bought this because it had many rave reviews and it was cheap.
I just step on the power button to start and it will click on or off.
the parts are light and easy to pull around and easy to maneuver.
Wish it had a self winding function but you can only be so lazy.
I use it on a daily basis since I have laminate flooring covering most of the house and sweeping will take forever.
I use it to clean my floor, suck up hair, clean my car.
No need to go to the carwash to use the vac!  Awesome product.
Still going strong with no wear on the new hose since it's better than the hose that comes with this vacuum.Suction is still going strong.
I change the bag about 2-3 times a year.
not so much because the suction becomes weak, but rather because the vacuum gets heavy.
I LOVE THIS VACUUM, it's 100% perfect for apartments or quick spot vacuuming in homes.
I especially LOVE the old "tank" design as opposed to the current square "canister" design all vacuums companies are now using.
Look no further in it's price range THIS IS the best on the market.
If anyone has any recommendations about the switch, let me know.
I'm not handy with things like that though unfortunately.
It was a trooper! I recommend you find the should strap somewhere, also, and then it is easier to carry around.
IF you can call them vacuums, that is...My 30 yr.
One of the FEW products I ever bought that I have no complaints about.
Seems to have lots of power, and wheels!  Also bought a small shop vac that has lots of power but no wheels.
I use that in lanai, and this on my tile floors inside the house.
Would not buy for carpets, got a lightweight vac for my rugs.
I have lots of tile so this helps a lot!  Good price!  Always liked Eureka!.
We don't have any issue with winding the cord around the bottom.
In fact, the automatic rewind on my old Mighty Mite which we used for about 15 years caused us concern when young children were around.
It's got fantastic suction and works amazingly well on tile, wood floors and rugs.
Have been using it for 3 months so far and would reorder in a heartbeat.
This is a wonderful vacuum for hardwood floors (or tile, viynl ect.) will not work on carpet so don't even try.
On hard surfaces I have had no problems with the unit turning over while dragging it around as some folks have complained about.
In fact it is light enough that sometimes I just pick it up and carry it.
The only thing I really don't like is the combination tool.
The hard nozzle side is a bit redundant as well -- I find the longer and thinner crevice tool more useful.
This unit will mark if you aren't careful, but not nearly as bad as some, especially the ones with rubber bumpers.
stairs etc,just a great sweeper for a very reaaonable price,im happy happy,.
This is the second Mighty Mite I have owned.
It's a great little machine, a bit noisy, though.
I figured it was time to write a quick review after three years of regular use.
As my age progresses, it is getting more difficult to get certain household appliances from one room to another.
Not so with this little Eureka - small enough to store under a work bench in the garage, light enough to carry up the stairs.
Two areas of concern keep it from a five star rating:  it does not do a good job on dog hair on auto carpet.
It's larger cousin has to handle that job.
Additionally, the attachment hose jams up quite often.
That's easily fixed by running a long rod (like a skewer) through the hose to loosen up the debris.
Then it will usually just pick up where it left off.
Be sure not to go bonkers with the unjamming process - you don't want to poke a hole through the hose.
The main question:  does it do the job effectively?  Answer:  an absolute yes.
this is the third mighty mite vaccum i have owned, but this one gets hot when i use it, so that don't impress me.
as a mater of fact it sort of scares me.
I read all the reviews on this one before purchasing it, they were very helpful.
This is a great vac, I have tile throughout the first floor of the house and it works great on tile.
As in other reviews it is ok on carpeting, and they are right.
It is good for a quick spot pick up on carpeting but not a full vacuum.
The suction on this canister is powerful and I would recommend it.
I've owned Might Mite Canister Vacuums for the past 30 years.
This vacuum is very inexpensive so I wasn't sure what to expect.
I can't complain about the power of the product, it is fantastic.
If I could just put the motor in my 30 year old case.
The on/off button is built into the case and I don't believe it will stand the test of time.
The combo brush tool is a joke, don't bother just buy another full sized brush and upholstery tool.
I do like how they put the attachments on the case.
Just don't expect the out of the box product to last very long.
I've changed the star rating to a five because this thing performs so well.
I have changed the plastic tubing with my metal telescoping and I use a better dusting brush, but everything else I have left the same.
All of the sand disapears out of the grout and it actually sucks down to the floor and carpeting.
I used my upright on the one carpeted room with a new bag and a new belt on the brush.
Then I put a new bag in the Mighty Mite and vacuumed again.
I love it! The suction power is unbelievable! Anyone wanting a great machine at a low price I say buy it.
You will be as happy with it as I am.
I can't say enough about my Mighty Mite.
This vac is the best for compactness and easy of use.
Powerful suction and for the price you can not go wrong.
I love this small vac for my bare floors.
It is a bit loud but most vacuums are so that's not an issue for me.
It does a great job and is light weight, easy to carry up and downstairs.
All in all, a great little vacuum cleaner for the money.
After reading many reviews the overall ratings for this vacuum were quite high.
For a small sweeper it has good power and the price was reasonable.
Has a broader mouth than the one I purchased previously.
Then I bought another one for my church.
They have GREAT suction, light-weight, easy to use, and last forever.
My mom has had hers for probably 15 years and I've had mine for 6.
My son has hard wood floors in most of the house, but carpet on the stairs and hallway.
This is just the right size for him.
Bought this vacuum cleaner for those hard-to-reach places which I can't get to with the upright.
The general level of suction however is good and it picks up most dust and dirt without trouble.
It does seem to work especially well on tile.
I purchased this as a classroom vacuum, but ended up using it in the art studio.
It's light, powerful, and gets the job done.
I use on hard wood floor and it has become my back's best friend.
The only downfall is the power cord 1) it's too short and 2) you can't retract it.
Aside from that, it's exactly what I was looking for, cheap, light and efficient.
I use this vacuum on a lower floor of my house which has ceramic tile.
It's very small, easy to use, and picks up very well.
Very handy, and I'm glad to have bought it.
I can't believe  this little machine is so powerful and compact.
The price is unbelievable and  I am thrilled.
Thank You  for making my work day  FUN!  and  I therefore  give  5 STARS *****.
I had a Eureka Mighty Mite years ago.
came back to this one because it served me well before.
This little vac can suck a bowling ball through a soda straw....not really but the suctions it develops is amazing.
I have two long haired Cavalier King Chas Spaniels and porcelain tile floors on two levels and the hair accumulates daily.
I have to vacuum every other day and this thing makes it a breeze.
Nice and easy to handle machine with a strong motor, easy to clean filter and good accessory package.
Overall this is a good little vacuum for cleaning stairs and car interiors.
First, the plastic suction hose is cheap and kinks and collapses easily.
It has no reinforcing, so you don't want to step on it or bend it around a corner.
Second, the hose is a corrugated pipe style with accordion pleats the entire length.
This gives the hose a little strength, but it makes it very prone to clogs and things sticking in the folds.
I have learned to check the vacuum suction each time I use it.
If it feels weak, I need to take off the hose and shake it clean.
In good clean condition, it works as well as any canister.
The suction on this little machine is unreal.
Sure, the parts are made of plastic and with careless throwing around, parts will break.
But if you are careful and don't step on the hose, you'll find this is a gem.
I have no carpets; just 2 throw rugs with non-rubber backing.
The floor feature is just what I need for my 2 floors of hardwood.
And the price?  OMG, if it quits in 2 years, I will have gotten my money's worth.
Needed a small, light duty, vacuum for our store.
After checking various reviews, purchased this item from Amazon.
It is compact, lightweight, has lots of power and uses a readiliy available dirt bag, which I prefer.
It comes with a normal complement of useful accessories and has a convenient length power cord.
We use it for bare floors and low-pile carpeting and its performance exceeds our expectations.
But, the cord wrap-up holder is well designed and located.
I would say that the performance is surprisingly beyond light duty and the dirt bag holds plenty of dirt before needing to be changed.
All, in all, this is a very good answer if you want an inexpensive, convenient vacuum.
So I could get into the really hard places to reach.That my Hoover Vacume fears to tred.Like behind the Headboard of my Bed.
It is totally made from plastic.And plastic components.Like the Hose, The Machine body and the attachments.,It runs a little hot when using it.
The machine,  looks a bit like a Shop Vac.
You want to have a machine that is powerfull.
And when this ring rolls around? It cuts the suction power in half.
So this is a plus and can be used to clean the cars upholstery.So it's a good machine all around.
Just wish they were not so stingy with the vacume bags.
I mean , if your going to save Money Eureka.
By making the machine totally from plastic?  Would'nt it  Wiser?.
to add a few more bags for the Customer ?  Two,, is hardly enough.
and I own a small home.GREAT when it comes to reaching into the spaces where a floor machine just cannot get into.
This is an awesome little machine for the money.
The plastic is a little cheap and it is a little loud but you cannot beat the price or the power.
No it does not leave marks on wood floors.
No the canister does not easily tip over.
I honestly don't know where some of these silly reviews are coming from.
This is a great little vacuum for the price.
If you want perfect go spend two hundred dollars.
Excellent small vacuum for tile or hardwood floors.Doesn't clean carpet very well at all, but Eureka doesn't claim it will.
the other setting is a little loose, needs a middle height setting.
For stone and vinyl floor where spinning brush was kicking small particles all over the floor.
Good enough suction, compared to useless oreck free canister vacuum.
Parts fit well enough and stay if I push them tight.
Hose good enough also, undamaged from stepping on it.
I was sick and tired of using a broom so was in the market for a small vacuum.
It's not a big deal, but it's kind of weird.I wish that the attachments and hose had a way to break down easer for storage.
We have one area rug that's very short and close to the ground it works fine on that.
The vacuum is very light and powerful enough for bare floors.
One burnt out because the person using it was trying to save on bags and repeatedly let it get too full.
Another one lost a wheel, but it is so light it is easy to carry.
It has a surprising amount of power, but I am not sure you would want it as your only vacuum for rugs.
It is certainly not the vacuum you would buy for extensive wall-to-wall carpeting.
The previous ones I've owned have lasted for very many years.
It does everything you would want it to and more.
Light weight, easy to move around and store.
Gets into all those corners and tight spaces you want to reach.
This is the third or fourth Mighty Mite that we've had over the years.
They are extremly durable, useful and can be counted on to last for ten years, with normal use.
The first a Eureka  100 - a BIG Floor standing Model.
Did my 3 Bedroon unit with upstairs and stairs without much effort.
The extra brushes, and long handle and tubes are very good for window sills and odd corners.
Does hard floors well.The free shippind was a great help.
Thanks Amazon for assisting  in the Free Shipping.
I purchased two; one for our main house and the other for our vacation rental.
I own a Miele fior the heavy duty cleaning but this little vac is wonderful for quick pick ups.
Works great on my area rugs and jute rugs.
I also purchase extra filters and the extra battery pack.
I rinse out the filter and always have a back up filter and battery pack.
I have a baby just beginning to crawl.
I also have three pets and all hardwood floors.
I was tired of picking up my baby and brushing off all the hair from his clothes.
I decided I needed a light, quick, cordless vacuum to do a quick once over on the main level every day.
This vacuum fit the bill perfectly.It is very light.
Cordless, so I can do the whole main level in two minutes flat, never unplugging and replugging.
It easily vacuums up the course dog hair and the fluffy downy persian cat hair.
Also gets up dust and dirt, and even ice melt salt that is tracked in from our front porch.
It even works fairly well on the rug in the nursery, removing the surface dirt and hair quite well.
It will not replace your big vacuum for deep cleaning.
For my purposes, this has not been an issue.
And it is a little harder than expected to empty the canister.
Maybe it'll get easier with practice.For the price, I am ecstatic with this little guy.
I have used it every day since getting it.
I am very happy with this cordless vacuum.
I had previously purchased the Hoover Linx (approx $150) - which I loved.
However, the Linx roller stopped working within a year.
I purchased a second Linx - which also had had a problem with the roller.
So, I began looking for a much cheaper vacuum that would work, but be much cheaper to replace when needed.
Heavier items may need 3 or 4 swipes with a change of direction.
I've had the Eureka for several months and it is working well.
All things considered, this is a much better value than the Hoover Linx.
Because it is light-weight and fun to use, I usually vacuum a larger area than I intended, take it to another room, etc.
So my entire house gets done and it seems effortless.
Not so - the "two-in-one" refers to cleaning both carpets and bare floors.
I also use the floor setting (no brush action) when vacuuming  area rugs, rugs with fringe, etc.
- anything that might get tangled up in the brush.Another thing I like is the fact that the dirt container is bagless and easily accessible.
Once in a while, I lose something that is small and important or valuable.
When that happens, I am afraid to vacuum until I find it.
Now, I think I could actually use this vacuum to find things, because it would be easy to sort them out of the canister.
Works well on both hardwood and short carpeting.
Battery last a long time before needing to use bonus battery.
These are great to use for quick cleanups on my hardwoods.
Got them for gifts as well and they have been well received.
Overall, this seems to do a decent job.
I've had it less than 2 weeks, but have been using it daily.
This picks up dog hair (I have 4 Cardigan Welsh Corgis that bring in a lot of dirt and shed a lot).
I have a 1900 square foot house with wood, travertine, and ceramic tiles.
My opinion based on cleaning doormat rugs is that this product would not be a good on carpet.I use it daily on the carpet setting.
I try to vacuum quickly before the battery charge runs out.
The batteries don't always get my whole house (even with using both batteries).
I'm not sure if they are charging all the way.
It does pick up the majority of the dog hair.
It can go under my couches, but it is inconvenient because it is kind of wide.
The canister is on the small side, but it does the job.
Also, it is somewhat inconvenient to put back on.3 weeks later:  The batteries are not charging so I'm going to send it back.
but will try ordering another one in case this one was just defective.
After reading all the reviews on here, I wanted to thank everybody.
Vacuum is very powerful, and collects lots of stuff.
Hairs tend to get stuck on the brush, which I sometimes have to cut with scissors to remove.
Would have paid a bit more if there is some way of attaching a smaller hose (like for the car interior and stuff).
Overall, I'm very happy and would buy it again.
Best and easiest little vac for kitty litter and short carpet areas ever.
I now own 4 of these, one for bedroom, kitchen, garage and our garden shed.
Saves your back compared to the old dustbusters.
The brush roller works great (I always use it, even on flat surfaces).
I can't think of anything to improve it.
I have purchased a lot of these , because after so many years they get too old to work.
But I use it everyday, to pick up cat liter and cat hair, to pick up crumbs and anything else.
It is very strong for a little guy, I couldn't live without it.
It does a fine job, for what you should expect of it.
This is a great small vacuum I've had one of these since they first came out and I wouldn't want to do without it.
Best Price I can find for a cordless.
It's new so in 6 months I will update if it is as good as I hope it is.
The lame design was that the switch was too flat to turn on easily.
I built the switch up w/ hot glue, & now the vac is perfect.
The most brilliant feature is being able to trade the batteries quickly.
I make it attack dog hair, small leaves, dust bunnies, coco mat shedding, & coffee grinds.
It is super fast to shove around & easy to hide away afterwards.
I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine.
This will not replace your vacuum cleaner, but serves as a quick easy clean up machine for small messes.
I wanted something to help with stairs instead of lugging our big machine up the stairs one at a time to vacuum.
I also wanted something in the sense of a motorized &#34;dust pan&#34; for small messes--crumbs from the kids, etc.
But it is so lightweight and small and you can use it just about everywhere.
Now, it does come with a second battery which is helpfull but they do not last all that long.
As I mentioned above, it does what I wanted it to do.
It's great for stairs, small messes and cleaning up a small room.
Don't expect to replace your normal vacuum with it.
This little vacuum is the best for the daily picking up of dog hair from wooden floors.
We have three big dogs and it just has to get done every day.
The battery lasts just long enough to do the entire bottom floor of our (big) house.
This is not made for big jobs, but for a quick touch-up it's great.
I see there are some mixed reviews, but I am really loving this gadget so far.
It has been really helpful in picking up kitty litter and dust on my wood floors and low carpets.
It seems to have a good amount of power, especially when running the beater brush.
The battery is lasting quite a while, too.
It's nice that it came with an extra battery.
I think the handle is a bit flimsy, and could have a better design.
Love this little vac for cleaning our stairs and other quick pickups.
Much easier than lugging around the larger vacuum!.
I believe this is the best cordless vacuum out there for the price.
(I've tried Shark vacuums and they were awful.) The suction is great.
The battery lasts long enough for me to vacuum three rooms using the carpet setting.
I will own one of these for the rest of my life!PS: These make awesome housewarming or wedding gifts.
One messy African Grey together with a kibble-strewing canine in a kitchen where bread is baked 3-4 times a week was driving me nuts.
I was so tired of schlepping out the Dyson 2-3 times a day to vacuum the above mentioned mess.
The Eureka Quick Up Cordless is my new best friend.
It was ridiculously easy to assemble and mount the charger.
The bonus battery pack ensures there is always plenty of power to get the job done.
For those little messes that make you tired of dragging out and plugging in the big guns, the Eureka Quick Up is friggin' awesome!.
It's now gotten to the point where the machine needs to be taken apart, and professionally cleaned.
I decided to try another type of cordless vacuum, and chose the Eureka Quick Up Cordless, after doing a fair amount of research.
I will say that, for the most part, it works well.
I like the idea of having an extra battery pack.
The cleaning head has a much more open design, and has easy access for cleaning it out.
In my household, there is absolutely no getting around this last step, after I have vacuumed.
For the time being, I think this little vacuum will serve the purpose for my needs.
There is no question, however, that it will never take the place of the larger, more powerful vacuum cleaners.
But, for quick pick-ups, it does the trick.
I have a very large apartment with all bare floors.
During that week, I use the dustbuster to just go over the floors between washings.
Bending over using the dustbuster would just kill my back.
I used this machine Sunday for the first time-wow-it's as strong as the dustbuster but I don't have to bend down at all.
Today I used it again and got perfect results.
dog and it picks up all his hair with ease.
I took the handle off and vacuumed my couch.
Only reason to keep my dustbuster is to get behind the toilet and my tv stand.
I usually get about half the (small) house vacuumed in a single charge on the brush setting.
I haven't found the non-brush setting to be very useful even on hardwood floors.
I tested it out on various crumbs, dry dog food pieces, etc, and I was surprised at how little it was actually picking it.
I love the fact that you can charge the sweeper and the extra battery at the same time.
I swept our whole first floor and it didn't even sound like the battery was starting to die.
I definitely would always use it with the brush on.
I disregarded it since the other battery was more than enough to vacuum our fist floor.
When we refinished our hardwoods on our second floor I definitely needed that second battery to hold a charge to finish the whole house.
When I contacted Eureka about the problem with the second battery never charging, they were kind enough to send me a replacement battery.
I was so amazed at the great customer service provided by them I had to give them another 5 star updated review on here.
After almost two years with this vacuum is it by far the best little sweep vac I've owned.
On carpets it does a good job grabbing surface dirt except when *really* close to the baseboards.
I find it lightweight and easy to handle for quick tasks.I love that it came with two batteries so it's always ready to go.
I don't use the extended handle portions so for me this stores in a really compact space.
The beater brush setting can be on on or off.
Pleased with this purchase and recommended for light cleaning tasks on all flooring types and low to medium height carpet.
I had to rate this well, although I'd never buy another one.
I purchased this on recommendation from my local vacuum shop.
It works fairly good, short battery life with the beater brush turned on (10 min.
Max) but that's okay because it came with two batteries.
I've had it a few year now so it's been reliable.Here's what I don't like.
Don't even think about removing the dust cup indoors.
March the entire vacuum outside and take note of wind direction before you remove it.
Another issue is the amount of dust this kicks up.
I know I don't have to turn it on but then it's just in the way and blocks debris from getting past it.
For now I may splurge for the Miele s194 because of the bag and hepa filter.
After knowing I was inhaling a gazillion dust particles, the Miele might be cheaper than the co pay on a lung transplant.
Lightweight and easy to get off the wall as well as powerful for as small as it is.
I needed a vacuum but was at a loss because there are so many to choose from.
Although this is not the exact same model, I like the portability of a cordless and it's a strong vacuum.
It's easy to maneuver and there are two settings, one for carpet and one for bare floors.
The battery stayed strong for my first go around and looks to be ready to go a second time.
O.K, I took a chance even though some reviews had complaints, and bought this with the extra battery.
I AM SO GLAD I DID.It works and it works WELL.
I am 'aging' so bending over, extra steps, weight of objects all matter, now.
I do not have to bend over to unwind a cord.
I do not have to bend over at all to use this not even to empty the dirt cup and filter.
You didn't know that dirt was down there!  Great for the cat litter box, little tiny hard objects, dust, dirt,hair etc.
I am going to order one soon for the travel trailer.
It works on hard floors and on low pile carpet.
I can do my whole house on one charge.
And so easy and convenient to just pop a recharged battery out and in...Wish I had had it years ago.
I use it on the furniture too...The handle 'seems' a little loose.
It does 'seem' that way, but it's actually the way it works.
I have had it going on a year now..UPDATE January 2014,  I own 2 of these.
Have not had the first problem with either of them.
I can go over my house and still not have to change the battery if it's just a quick pickup.
It DOES pick up hair, dog and cat hair, dust bunnies, small items, and cat litter etc.
I wonder how people are having complaints and claiming it doesn't pick up.
And the fully-charged battery allowed me to vacuum my two small carpeted rooms twice without losing any power.
Glad I don't have to lug out my big vac as often.,  This works so great on my tiled floors and area rugs.
They all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend!.
I like that it has 2 battery packs - we've never had the disappointment of picking the vacuum up and realizing it's out of charge.
The only issue was the first time I emptied it, dust flew all over me when I removed the cup from the vacuum.
The brush got pretty wrapped up in hair, but it was easy to cut free.
Overall, a solid vacuum, but nothing insanely life changing.
Does a great job on my marble and low carpet areas.
I have 3 dogs and I love that I can do a quick clean up.
This is my third one! I have retired the other two over the years due to constant use.
It's a great, durable item for the price that does a really great job! Highly recommend it!.
I bought this vacuum to keep bedroom and bathroom floors tidy.
Definitely glad this one came with an extra battery so it can be switched out if you need to vacuum more.
This is easy to use, easy to clean and perfect for quick clean-up.
It works on carpet, but is not meant to be a primary vacuum cleaner.
I got this to use every day as I have a dog who sheds a lot.
This stick vac does an amazing job of picking up hair and pet dander.
My only quibble is with the original batteries that came with the vacuum: one refused to hold a charge.
The vacuum is light weight, and picks up dirt and hair quite well.
It runs for a bout ten minutes on a fully charged battery.I am not too crazy about the charger annd charging base.
The charging base is made to be mounted on the wall with screws.
I'm not going to put holes in my walls for a vacuum cleaner that will last a couple of years.
The Eureka is very reasonable priced and does a great job.
It's also pretty quiet for a vacuum and my dog who is terrified of the regular vacuum is not bothered by this at all.
For the money, this little Eureka is excellent.
It seamlessly switches from carpet to tile without effort is surprisingly powerful.
I've never had to use the extra battery because the first one holds a powerful charge.
I would recommend it to apartment and condo dwellers without hesitation.
We keep this very lightweight little vacuum right in my question, making clean up such a breeze!.
For a battery stick Vac it's not bad.
It works better with the roller bar engaged.
I use it to pick up dog hair on my tile floors.
It's a good deal for the reasonable price.
Others have posted recs on how to elongate the handle but the mfg.
should man up and make it up to par.
I bought this vacuum cleaner because I live in a very small, very crowded studio apartment.
I wanted something that was light weight and maneuverable.
I charged the batteries and today for the first time I used it.
I have low pile carpet throughout the apartment.
Other reviews state that the battery doesn't last long enough.
I had the second battery charged and ready to go but did not need it.
If more than one speck is on the floor my husband drags out the vacuum.
So I bought him this little one that hangs in the closest.
He is in little vacuum heaven buzzing around.
If you've never tried a stick vac, I highly recommend them.
Super great for quick pick-ups or a run-thru when company is coming.
I have owned several stick vacs over the years but this one tops them all.
The extra battery comes in handy and the clear top makes it easy to see when the brush needs cleaned.
Hang this near your mess area and make clean up quick and life simple.
It does a great job on hard surface flooring or carpeting.
The battery really doesn't last long but it comes with two & we always keep them charged! We use this in our camper.
I got this for my son when he moved to his own place.
It's got hardwood floors and area rugs so this is perfect for it.
Do NOT buy unless you get two batteries.
Notified them of the charging issues and they were awesome and provided the type of customer service that we rarely see anymore.
Hoping a new charging unit and batteries will improve the use time  but regardless.
customer serviced  from Eureka has me believing that if I ever have more problems, they stand behind their product.
I have birds, so before getting this stick vacuum, I was sweeping my carpet area every night around their cages.
This vacuum works beautifully, and picks up things very well.
It's not a &#34;suction&#34; type &#34;vacuum&#34;, but it does a great job mimicking one.
The other great thing is this comes with TWO batteries, so you are never without power.
With this, if your power dies out, you have another one waiting, and you continue on.
I can vacuum my living room area, the hall, etc., maybe three nights before it starts to sound low.
So it has a good longevity to the battery.
Again, I love this thing! I'm so happy I bought this!.
The extra battery pack is a bonus, tho' I haven't run down the first battery pack yet.
The battery seems to last a long time.
The mounting bracket is great for the vacuum and the extra battery.
I can do the upstairs and downstairs in a small home one one of the batteries.
Really lightweight - easy to pull out and use.
I hate traditional vacuum cleaners because of the noise, but this is really quiet and light.It is powerful enough for hardwood floors and wool rugs.
I have a shop vac, so if anything major were to happen, it's there.
You'd really be better off with a shop vac than a regular vacuum if something major were to happen anyway.
I use it on bare floors, and it works great.
It is not so loud, and I appreciate that.
I had trepidations about the power of this device, especially since it had a carpet brush.
I thought, as battery powered,at first, something has to give as a tradeoff.....either power or run-time.
Well, all worries came to ease after it's initial charge of 16-hours.
It is perfect for our use, which is, to pick up stray cat litter.
It not only achieves this, but also serves to pick up crumbs or just about any small items from a hardwood or low-pile carpeted floor.
It has run for more than fifteen minutes, with no degradation of power, on the initial battery.
if one has to sweep longer than this, of course, the battery can be changed with the charged one in less than ten-seconds.
I bought this vacuum about two years ago (the version with only one battery), and now need to replace the battery.
Since this package is about the same price as two batteries, I figured I might as well just get it and replace the vacuum altogether.
It is easy to use and works very well.
Make sure to empty the container once you see it getting full, I emptied about every 3 uses.
The other version with the clear orange container is nice because you can see how full it was without taking it off.
Come to think of it, I'll be keeping the dirt catcher from the old one too.
Having two batteries to alternate now should make them last longer, I'm hoping to get three years of use out of this package.
I ordered this primarily bc it was cordless since I have handicap issues never expecting it to pick up like a regular vacuum.
every time I use it i'm  amazed all over again.
I wholeheartedly recommend this vacuum for anyone regardless of physical abilities or disabilities!.
This is the second one of these I have purchased.
I bought the last one several years ago and it is still running strong.
I wanted a second one to keep upstairs.
This little Quick Up is exactly as advertised.
It is  light and weight has considerable suction for a cordless.
It is a little Go To machine and I think anyone would be glad they purchased it.
This would be a great gift I think anyone would be delighted to receive.change.
this is my 3rd Eureka Quick Pick Up cordless sweeper.
They are great for picking up cat and dog hair and light floor cleaning.
I use it daily as I have 2 inside cats.
The previous two did not.If you want a light weight easy to use cordless sweeper, you won't be disappointed.
I'm surprised at the power this little cordless has! It picks up the dirt, dog hair and even little pebbles.
A single battery lasts a long time, and with the spare battery ready, I can actually keep my place easily quick-swept.
It does clean so well, I'd recommend getting a spare filter or two (they're cheap) so you can rinse one out and have another ready.
I've owned other small Eurekas at my cabin and they have been dependable and long-lasting.
While it's not a deep-cleaning vac it does what I bought it to do.....bare tile and hardwood floors.
The sand and grit hauled in by me and my dogs not only grinds on my nerves, it dulls floors.
The Eureka was easy to assemble, hang and use.
The extra battery pack was the final factor that caused me to purchase this.
For bare floors and very smooth rugs/carpets it performs very well.
The beater brush, used for rugs, winds up lots of rug fabric and thread around the yellow brushes.
There isn't a way to open the beater bar and clean it.
This is especially helpful when doing a casual clean up of dog hair on the bedroom medium nap carpet.
While emptying the bad is still messy it does reveal how much hair, dust and grit you've spared your floors and carpet from.
Bought this for my parents for quick clean up for their dogs.
I like how it comes with an extra NiCad battery, even though I wish the batteries were Lithium Ion.
I don't expect this vacuum to last more than a couple years just because the batteries are NiCad.
But it cleans the floors pretty well and can clean both hardwood and carpet with two different settings.
She loves this!  It came with an extra battery, so she always has it charged.
It does a good job when needed and is light weight and convenient.
The Eureka Quick Up Cordless w/bonus Battery pack works great.
It works great on bare floor and carpets.
We bought a little sweeper just like this one about 6 years ago.
When the batteries finally died, we decided to look for a new one.
Overall, we have been very happy and I would recommend it to anyone.This sweeper is just what we were looking for.
It is pretty much a dust buster with a wider mouth and long handle so you don't have to bend over.
It has a charging base that mounts to the wall, which holds both the sweeper and the extra battery.
For someone without dogs, this would work great.
It is also nice if you have a small mess to clean up and don't want to get out the big sweeper.
This is my third one--need I say more? A great quick clean up tool--surprisingly efficient--super dog hair pick-up and light weight too!.
We retired in Florida and about half of our flooring is tile.
We needed a stick vacuum that would properly sweep the tile floor so we could then steam clean it with another device.
It's quick and easy to use and it weighs very little.
When done, we put it on the charger and it is ready for the next time we have a need for it.
It does take about 16 hours to fully charge the batteries, but it's not really  a problem, since we don't use it every day.
The extra battery should come in handy over time, since all batteries lose their ability to hold a charge.
This cordless stick vacuum is exactly what we needed and it was a good purchase.
Used it on furniture and it had adequate spray and suction.
Once I got used to the motion of cleaning it went more quickly.
The suction is quite powerful and leaves the carpet just a tad damp.
my carpet dried in about an hour.The steamvac is light and easy to carry around, even when full of water.
I don't consider the noise level a drawback.
The biggest problem in cleaning spots and stains out of furniture and area rugs is lugging around a heavy piece of equipment.
This Hoover is small enough to carry with ease and fills simply from the top.
It even has a  built in mechanism so it can't overflow.
I liked its performance overall  and found it as good, if not better then other household machines.
Of  course it seems to work best with the cleaner it came with but since it's  an economical product that isn't a problem either.
The best feature it has  is two separate tanks which means you won't end up cleaning your sofa with  dirty water.
Overall this product is a good investment and pasys for itself  in one use.
With a one year old and two year old around the house, there is no end of messes, spills, leaking diapers,etc.
I highly recommend it for small jobs that don't require professional cleaning.
It'll definately get you through and do a better than expected job.
No assembly and ready to go out of box.
2 ounce of cleaner and 1/2 gallon hot water to fill the unit through a convenient fill hole.
I just got this today to clean up a mess my cat made on my couch.
There was plenty of dirty water in the recovery tank, which proves that it does suction.
Many small cleaners like this spray solution on, but don't suction it back out.I didn't think it was overly loud, considering it is a vacuum.
It is very light and easy to carry.
The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is because it doesn't have a rotating brush to help scrub out stains.
Of course, I knew this when I bought it, but it would've been a nice feature.
today and had pet stains waiting to be cleaned.
After they'd been around for a few weeks this little device didn't hold back the cleaning power.
Suction is awesome and I was so impressed I started to find things I wanted to clean...couch pillows, etc.
I just couldn't stop!  I'd recommend to anyone who's considering a handy, powerful tool of this nature.
Because of the many favorable reviews I bought this little vac last week.
I also ordered the Advanced Deep Cleaner with protector and I was AMAZED with the results.
I've had a beige sofa bed that was dangerously close to be thrown away like garbage after several years of all types of kid abuse.
My sofa looks brand new, smells great and it's soft and fluffy.The machine is noisy, but it's not as bad as I expected.
The fabric on my sofa dried up quickly because the machine sucks up till the last drop of water in it.
I bought this machine on the recommendation of reviews from amazon.
We have cat vomit, juice spills and other marks made by little children and they all got cleaned out on first try.
I actually used it successfully on a mattress which had some spilled milk stains.
I purchased this timer to replace an earlier version of the same timer that stopped working.
In our condo we had these timers in two of our bathrooms and I love them.
Did it myself - female with VERY limited electrical experience but I am good with tools.It works.
We haven't' had it that long so I can't speak to longevity but it is currently doing what it's supposed to be doing.
It's installed in our main bathroom and it gets a lot of use.Directions were very easy to follow and it looks ok when installed.
I mean it looks exactly like the picture, nothing fancy or especially decorative.We bought 3 more for other fans.
We got these for our bathroom exhaust fans and they work just fine.
I'll be sure and update if there are any problems.
This is a nice little wall switch timer.
Easily installed in the wall switch box and operates quietly.
Seems well built and 60 minutes is the perfect max.
First, you cant turn the dial back to off.
Really, I needed a bit more information than "connect the wires here".
Maybe that schematic drawing would be useful to an electrician but its hieroglyphics to me.
Thank god for all the "how to" sites on the web.
The white wire and the green or bare wire (ground) from the romex don't  go to the switch at all.
They both connect directly to the proper terminal or wire on your fan /light /whatever.
In other words, all the timer unit does is regulate the current goes through that black wire.
I bought 4 of these units from Home Depot in 2005 while building a new home; I paid 15 bucks each.
I use them to automatically shut-off three bathroom fans and a laundry room fan (Broan-NuTone QTREN080 80 CFM, 0.8 Sones, Energy Star Fan).
The timer instructions and face plate say to turn the nob passed 10 minutes (at least), which I do.
They still work great after 6 years.They were easy to install.
I would purchase one of these again, if it ever failed.
BOUGHT TWO OF THEM, ONE FOR EACH BATH SO WE DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF BED TO TURN THE EXAUST FAN OFF.
After changing out a light switch in the full bath, I discovered mold in the box (its a partition wall, wasn't from another source).
The fact that I have used this timer daily for 5 years without a hitch is confirmation of its durability.
It is particularly useful in the bathrooms to control an exhaust fan.
As soon as we moved into our latest house I put one in the Master Bath.
Now I am installing them in the other two bathrooms as well.
In my previous house, the one in the Master Bath there, the only one we had, lasted 15 years.
This one is beginning to get stuck and not winding down to off position.
Each bin holds about 100 .223 or .40.
Will hold a couple of boxes of nails with no problem.
Easy to lift off and replace when necessary.
These are the same bins that came with both of my reloading presses.
I wanted a couple of extras, but for the price I just bought this six pack.
Strong, stable, stackable, 'nestable' - these boxes have it all.
Would be nice if Akro included a few labels for the front.
they do, but they want you to pay for them, so I'll just cut out some card stock.
These also can mount to the Akro wall-system which is nice, and may be the way I build my next garage work bench.
Currently they're sitting on the bench stacked 3 high.
I liked them so much I placed a second order!.
I bought these storage boxes to go with my Lee Precision Turret Press.
Great price and they look outstanding too! I would highly recommend these items to all my reloading buddies.
Yes, they are &#34;tiny&#34; for Akro bins, but that is exactly what I wanted.
I cannot downgrade this product for what bothers me--my brooms bang a bit when I open and close the door.
It does exactly what it is supposed to do without a lot of bells and whistles.
Quick and easy setup -- no installation required, even though it comes with screws.
Mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary.
A great investment for an organized utility closet! Shipment was fast and product seems of good quality, nice and sturdy.
I like that it is white so blends in with my white door.
The only thing I dislike is that the brooms and such easily slam against the door when using it.
But I don't think it's the products fault, that is just the way they hang.
I don't know how they would hang any differently though.
Why drill holes when you don't need to? It was a little difficult getting the bracket attached to the peg part.
I'm happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone.
I still have this on the inside of my W/D door.
Was very excited to get this product--installed it IMMEDIATELY as our house really is short on storage/closet space.
I was able to get all my cleaning tools stored on it, including my steam mop!  Great product!.
Gave this as a gift to an elderly lady.
They work very good...but this is a great way to shop and you get exactly what you are looking for.
Vacuum cleaner bag - put it in and later take it out when it is full (or nearly so).
Works as it should and the cost - delivered to the door - is better than going out looking for it.
I've tried off-brands, including Rug Doctor, but the Hoovers seem to be more substantial and better made, so I'm sticking with them.
We purchased these bags for the first time in May 2001.
I installed a bag and thought it worked OK.
My wife who is very sensitive to house dust recognized the difference.
After a very short time my wife said she could smell the dust when the vacuum cleaner was in use.
I changed the bag in our vacuum back to a Hoover bag and the probem was cured.
This prevents these particles from escaping back into the air in the house.
This will be short, it's a replacement bag for Hoover vacuums, it's OEM, it works, no manufacturing or quality issues.
If your vacuum uses this size, I see no reason not to get it.
As long as my self propelling Hoover continues to run, and it has been running for over a decade, I will get these replacements.
I double checked, and the previous bags I used were &#34;Type Y & Z&#34; - the last one is still in the vacuum.
I replaced that one with this Type Z - fit just fine.
I figured - why bother saving fifty cents a bag or whatever, when these bags last months.
Not worth the hassle of having something not fit or work properly.
Received my vacuum cleaner bags earlier than expected, they were the best price anywhere and this is a great vendo!  Will come back many times.
They can be a little difficult to install,but that maybe a vacuum design  problem.
With cats and dogs I felt  it would be a good thing to use.
The belts are quite durable as we had the last one for 4 years.
There's not much to say other than it works as expected, as it should being an original part from Hoover.
These are an exact replacement for WindTunnel models by Hoover.
I have purchased generic in the past but the Hoover seem to last longer and are less prone to breaking.
They fit and seem to be genuine parts.
Don't be surprised if they look a lot smaller than the one you take off, they stretch.
I just purchased this double pack and I rarely use the vacuum, as there's only a single rug in the house.
The belt fit perfectly and the brush spins as it's supposed to.
You never know when a belts decides to go out and then no vacuum cleaner.
I would have given it 5 stars but it overheated on the 3rd use.
I e-mailed hoover and they said to make sure  all filters are clean.
I discover a filter above the dirt canister and it was clogged.
The new routine is to check that filter when dumping the canister.
The Hoover folks said that the motor needs lots of air flow to keep it cool.
Really impressed with how much dirt it removes from the carpet.
Last time I bought belts for my hoover they were OEM.
And if you hold the OEM alongside this orginal belt there is a SIGNIFICANT difference in quality.
Needed accessory with new vacuum, get them up front when purchasing new vacuum, installed ones working well thus far, with no issues.
Put one of these new belts on & now it vacuums like new!.
Got these for my Hoover Tempo and they fit real nice and now can vacuum again thank you will order again.
So much better to have a belt on hand when one breaks, rather than ordering and waiting.
And they are brand name, so I know they will work.
They do the job, and it is nice to have a spare on hand.
Hoover windtunnel  belt has been in use over 6 months with no problems, what can I say it works I would purchase again if needed.
The Hoover Tempo Widepath has a lot of brushing action and tends to burn through belts fairly quickly even on low pile berber carpets.
GLAD I BOUGHT EXTRA WHEN I PURCHASED THE HOVER VACUUM.
THE BELT IN THE VACUUM DIDN'T LAST BUT ABOUT 2 WEEKS.
I previously boughtHoover Tempo Widepath Upright Vacuum, Baggedabout two years ago.
Most belts wear out over time- a few-dollar fix verses throwing away an entire vacuum should be a no brainer!.
The belts as such are excellent but the Hoover keeps killing them every few months.
My wife uses it carefully but the belt is so tightly stretched around the pegs it is bound to snap and thats what happens.
They do not make things like that any more!!!!!.
The Hoover Belts brought new life to the vacuum cleaner as you could tell the difference after they were installed.
The packaging was more than adequate and the delivery was fast.
It's really helpful to have these belts available, especially at the same time you buy the product.
I can keep them on hand and I'll be ready if the vacuum belt in use malfunctions! Thanks!.
Work as I had hoped - decent quality and price.
The belt seemed a bit tighter than what I had originally on my vacuum but that is okay since these do stretch.
The description and Hoover's part# could be better.
As another reviewer notes, 40201160 is Hoover's part# for TWO of the belts that I was trying to find using the part# in my instructions.
We started smelling a rubber burning smell and cleaned out everything we could, but it still smelled.
These are of the same quality that were original to the sweeper.
They tend to last around 5 years with our use and are much easier to find on Amazon than a retail outlet.
I bought a vacuum  at the same time and several of the reviews stated the belts broke while "breaking in" the vacuum.
So far, haven't needed the back up belt.
I feel it is proactive to get agitator belts before my new vacuum cleaner needs them.
They arrived in good shape, in a timely manner.
The belt in my vacuum broke and while I figured out the problem thought my vacuum was rendered useless.
However, as soon as I found the broken belt, I placed the ordered, got my new belts and my vacuum was as good as new.
I've used my vacuum with the replacement belt for more than a year now, so I can say they're good quality and long lasting.
Haven't had to replace the belts on our Hoover vacuum yet as we only recently purchased it.
If the need arises to change the belts I will update this review with useful information.
I ordered this 2-pack and they came quickly.
I found that my Hoover vacuum's belt broke after only 2 months after purchase.
I bought these and they seem to last longer.
They are difficult to get on, because they don't stretch very well.
You just have to be patient and ask someone to help you with it.
I clean for a living and some vacuum belts break so easily that it's a real pain in the butt.
I searched for these and in my area they were hard to find in the store.
I haven't used them yet as the old one isn't broke, just yet.
But I felt like having them in the house before it actually broke.
Product arrived on time and was well packaged.
I have not used the replacement belts yet, as my vacuum has not broken the one that came on the machine.
The product appears to be of good quality.
These belts are just like the ones I have bought at the dealer's store.
They fit the machine just as they should.
I have the Hoover Windtunnel Max vacuum cleaner and these belts fit.
Buy them in advance, because my vacuum cleaner picked up a blanket and I pulled it out when the vacuum cleaner was still on.
You are supposed to turn off the vacuum cleaner, then pull out the blanket.
I had one, because I went and bought this 2-pack along with my Hoover.
The belts are going to last us a good while.
they don't seem to go bad too often.
Glad they came packaged with the vacuum so that I have them when needed, Thinking ahead is not a bad thing.
I really wish the vacuum would have come with more than one of these belts.
These seem to break when I vacuum over something that gets wrapped around the agitator and then causes the belt to part.
This product was perfect for my Hoover vacuum though.
It replaces the original and works as expected That's all you really need to know when making a purchase - right?.
This belt made my vacuum good as new! No need to purchase a new vacuum anymore.
Sturdy,I have used it every night for at least 8 hours for the past year.
It moves a large amount of air, and is very,noisy.Its electric use in minimal,which is another bonus.
I got this for my sister when her fan stopped working for her.
It makes her room much more comfortable for her to sleep in, thank you very much.
I came very fast and she did not have to wait too long for it, only a couple of days after I ordered it.
For some strange reason, I have a lot of trouble getting to sleep if this fan isn't on.
It doesn't matter if it's snowing outside, this fan has to be on.I have been using it for 2 years and it still works great.
You have to unscrew the plastic screens, wipe the fan blade, hose down the screens, and screw them pack on.
This fan is essential for me! In the summer heat it helped keep me cool.
I've actually had this one for 7months now, and had the same exact one earlier and it was perfect.
The motors don't seem to make much noise, but there is a noticeable amount of turbulence noise from the fan blades.
These are too short.=== Summary ===These are cheap box fans, and I found them to be quite serviceable.
They could certainly be quieter, and move more air, but for $20, they work great.
If you are looking for the absolute highest volume of air, or quietest fan, you can certainly get it by spending more money.
The blades were wrong or the motor was a piece of dog poop.This fan is near perfect!  The three speeds are great.
The motor noise is NORMAL given the amount of air this thing can move.
I use mine mostly outside on the patio because I love the outdoors even on a hot day.
It really helped cool the motorhome and keep the air conditioner from freaking out.The price is right, the fan really works, really cools.
First they need 2 on each side, not just 2 on one side.
Four legs about an inch or two longer would have been a huge bonus.
I am THRILLED it keeps me cool and has some great power in that little motor.
Replace the same model which we had used continuously for 5 years.
That is saying a lot in the tropics.
This works well if you put it in your window to pull in fresh air.
the 3723 model from two years ago is fabulous.
this newer model you have to be within 2 feet to even feel any aire.
They a very useful fan! to help move air to cool my place during the hot day of summer !.
i bought this for white noise when i sleep, and it makes a consistent whirring sound which suits my noise needs just fine.
i sent it back, got another, and, and, and.
it didn't affect the fan really, so i called amazon, got a 10 dollar credit, and kept it.
they said they would be flagging the company, whatever that means.
never a problem with returns etc at amazon.
but since this is a review of the product, not the packaging, there is no star reduction.
the fan works well and it's too noisy.
I've had many "bottom end" Lasko's over the years.
rectangular steel box, 2 braces holding the motor (one end only) and a 5 bladed fan.
The box owes its rigidity to the two plastic screen grids screwed to the front and back.
All seem to have plastic "feet" to help stabilize it front-to-back so it stands better from the force of air being forced through.
They typically are all 3 speed.Lasko's are mass produced, American-made fans retailed widely at many outlets, at least in the USA.
They normally retail for $15-20 and represent excellent value at that price.
If you order by mail and have to pay shipping, much value is lost.
(this particular offering sells 3 units so the shipping is shared to bring the per-fan cost to around $25 each.
they just get so they won't "go" when powered on.
Of the many brand names I see on these box fans, I believe the Lasko is the BEST quality and longest serving.
they are designed and made in the USA.Good points*they are cheaper than virtually any other option (except a few other similar clones.
when you move this much air, it makes noise.
not sure if all blades are that brittle.
I don't think I have had a one that hasn't fallen over several times.
made to sit in a window and survive the occasional rain storm.
In that case the thermo control could be more valuable for unattended operation.
If you run it on the highest speed naturally it is a little louder.
This fan delivers the goods,goods in this case being circulating cool air.
From now on, I'll always look for a Lasko 3733 when I need to replace a fan.
I bought my first one 5 years ago and it ran 24/7 365 days a year.
It took 5 years of continuous use before one of the ball bearings wore out.
FIVE YEARS of 24/7/365 use! This is a superb fan!This fan is very well balanced.
It never wobbles or shakes.This fan is not a quiet as I'd like, but then again, I want perfection and that's not going to happen.
Simply remove the grill screws, then remove the grills.
Then unscrew the blade holder, and pull the blades off the spindle.
Replace everything, then turn it on so that it drys itself.
Good for condos or townhomes and for bad sleepers that need loud white noise to sleep...They are inexpensive to run.
About 50 cents for 24 hours of use..they are light weight.
NOT THE SAME AS THE THREE I PURCHASED YEARS AGO....HAS THE SAME MODEL NUMBER....IM AT A LOSS BUT VERY HAPPY WITH MY FANS.
This three speed box fan by Lasko is exactly the way it is advertised here.
My concern while purchasing this fan was air flow.
Needed a substitute air conditioner for the summertime.
Box fans are great, place then in a window and they'll cool a room down in no time.
It is not a quiet fan like the ultra quiets on the market today but it is not as loud as those turbo jet fans.
It has a normal good size fan noise that I don't find irritating.
Other than that, you really don't need the foot attachments.
I placed on the desk, turned on high and it did not fall over.
So, to conclude it is a good solid fan for a reasonable price when your main concern is air flow.
I have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years.
It keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn.
The barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt.
I wash them down each year and they are like new.
The fans I have now are on their third barn year.
In a normal house I'm sure they would last forever.
They are a little noisy, but the horses don't care.
MOST PLEASANT WHITE NOISE: As an avid  white noise enthusiast, this is the best sounding fan I've ever come across.
I don't want the fan to be too quiet, and this one isn't.
The low is low, and the high blocks out other noises.
Our air conditioning went out on the hottest day of the year so far.
So we bought a few fans so we could survive until we could get someone to fix the problem.
This fan is good for putting in front of a window to draw in cool air.
It is effective for that purpose and does seem to keep a room cooler.
As far as this having 3 quiet speeds I'd have to say that is not quite accurate.
It is not a silent fan as it does make some noise.
But for the price it does a good job.
One thing however is that this fan scares my cats.
It might take some time for your animals to get used to the noise.~The Rebecca Review.
This fan is perfect for cooling down my room at night.
It is pretty quiet on the lowest setting and still moves a lot of air.
We bought it years ago and have never had a problem with it.
This is great to put in a window to circulate some fresh air.
I would recommend this to anyone who needs a durable fan.
You could probably find it a lot cheaper in a local store.
For years, hubby and I have bought Lasko fans to keep in our bedroom.
Just a nice, smooth hum.It does blow hard.The first one died because I let it get too dusty.
I have a teenage son at home and when he has friends who sleep over they can be a bit noisy sometimes.
This being said, if you are looking for a quiet fan then I suggest you buy another brand.
However, if you want to lower your electric bill and block out noise then this is the one to buy.
You can't go wrong with this Lesko!! I reccomend it highly!.
I've been using this fan for 3 summers now.
The grating prevents most objects from poking into fan blades (especially when you have a toddler around).
Fingers seem to be safe with the small diameter and distances of the grills from the fan blades.
Has to plastic pieces that you attach to help it stand up.
I bought an original one of these when they first came out (maybe 8-10 years??) and it is, so far, working fine.
This second one is much louder than my first, but it produces so much air and is so easy to clean, I don't mind it.
I ended up getting another one because it works so great.
It's a fan...does a fan need a review?  It works.
It moves air around just fine, though it is somewhat noisy because its a box fan.
I, like many people, have become accustomed to having a fan on when I sleep.
I have had a few other fans and most have not lasted.
I bought two of these a few years ago and both are working like new.
I use mine and my son uses his, every night on low when we sleep.
All three settings work and the fan is as quiet as a fan rapidly moving air can be.
According to my kill-a-watt, this costs me approximately 11 cents to run for 24 period on low.
You can calculate more from there if you would like.
My fans don't go into windows so they haven't seen a lot of moisture and i do clean them semi-annually.
The only problem is like all my other fans, the legs that keep them upright on high broke long ago.
I would recommend them as they run well and have pasted the test of time in my home.
It has 3 speeds, selected with a knob on top, and really does shift the air, even on setting 1.
We purchased this unit after our less expensive Rival ice cream maker died during the third use.
All metal parts, including the motor, are of heavy steel.
The dashed is metal with removable wooden slats for easy clean up.
It seems to be a bit quieter than most models and turns out a generous six quarts of ice cream.
Now instead of eating the whole batch in a day, a batch will last a couple of days.
The motor speed turns the cylinder faster than most of the models that seem to grind on and on.
We'll use it year-round, setting it in the kitchen sink while it runs to catch the overflow of ice/salt mixture.
A durable item that holds up in today's disposable times.
A bit on the loud side as in other reviews but in a restaurant kitchen, who cares as long as it does the job reliably!.
After trying some of the 'cheaper' models, I went with what my Dad had and it has worked like a charm.
It has never given me a bad batch of ice cream, and we make it all summer long.
The only thing that I've found with any homemade ice cream is to let it 'sit' for about 30 minutes after the churning is done.
I didn't fully realize how nice this peeler is until I was at my mother's over Christmas and tried to use two of hers.
It is sharp, so you don't have to use a lot of pressure, which also helps decrease hand fatigue.
All-in-all, a good product.** Update 8/18/11: I'm back to purchase two of these as stocking stuffers for my mother.
No excuses -- now she can throw out those peelers that have been hanging around since I was a kid.
Sharp peeler, owned one for more than 2 years.
It has a big and non slip handle that makes it easy to grasp.
I ave been using these peelers for about 10 years now, they last about 4 years and work better then most.
With reasonable care they last well and hold their edge, the steel seems to better grade then most.
Only drawback is since its so sharp you need to watch peeling yur knuckle by accident.
Like all OXO products, it's well made and does the job it's intended to do.
Works well, especially needed now that I'm getting some arthritis in my hands.
I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers.
It is great for carrots, potatoes, chocolate for fondue, etc.
My wife's nascent arthritis can make it hard for her to grip small handles, but she LOVES to cook.
Its great blade and handle makes for fast peeling jobs.
Only thing would be: I wish the peels didn't hang on to the end once peeled off.
nice sharp peeler, good grip decent value for your money.
I like OXO products as a rule, it is a good quality item.
I love this peeler!  I had one just like it for many years (until I somehow lost it!) and it worked perfectly EVERY time.
I couldn't remember where I bought it and couldn't find another one in any stores - until I finally looked on Amazon.
Thank you, Amazon!  Not only is the gripper handle perfect, the blade works as it should.
I purchased a couple other peelers during my quest and I was very disappointed.
Their blades kept slipping over the vegetables without cutting.
I even tried a kitchen Aid brand and hated it.
So save yourself the frustration and the tired hands and just buy this one!.
I bought one for my mother some years ago due to her arthritis.
I bought one for myself and then for all my family members.
I don't wish to spend much of my life peeling veggies, but when I do it has to be this product.
The soft grip is very helpful in avoiding discomfort, fatigue, and pain.
I just recently purchased this item so I may not be the best reviewer of this item, but so far it works very well.
It is the best peeler I have used and it does the job really well.
If I find anything wrong, I will update my review.
Sturdy, sharp - does the job!  I hate cheap peelers this has lasted months and doesn't show signs of wear.
It was becoming increasingly more difficult for me to use my old peeler due to arthritis.
I finally had to replace my old Ecko stainless steel peeler which I had used for over 30 years and I still have.
However, I needed a more ergonomic type of handle.
I tried other peelers with comfort-grip type handles, but they were never sharp enough to do the job quickly.
I've been using this peeler for at least 3 or 4 years and it still works great.
My husband got fed up with the cheap vegetable peeler I got at a discount store so I purchased this one.
It is so easy to handle and wash and can even peel mangoes!  The blade is sharp and doesn't shift out of place.
My mom has shaky hands and this works great for her.
She uses it on oranges, and takes out the seeds with the little scoop at the tip too.
I wish I had years of experience with other peelers to write a comparative review, but I'm just a college student starting out.
Today buying another one as a gift to my mom :).
OXO has won me over on everything I've purchased and have quite a collection.
So much easier to hold; peeling edges are sharp and have bought one for both daughters to use.
Just like the last post, We had one of these for years.
Needless to say, I returned that piece of junk the next day, got a refund.
This is a great peeler it is sturdy and peels fruits and veggies.
I look forward to adding to my kitchen through more products from OXO.
Good grip, though the edge should be sharper.
Takes more effort to peel with this peeler than some others, though the grip is secure and good hand feel.
If you do not like to peel anything, this peeler is acceptable, though not superior.
It is funny the guard hides the potato as you are peeling.
I like the guard as you cannot nick yourself when peeling,and I like the little 'plastic' guard you can put back on it after cleaning.
I have several 'OXO' products,that was one of the reasons I purchased this particular peeler!.
It glides over fruits and vegetables and does all the work except aiming, for you.
I had no idea my old peeler was so dull until I started using this one.
It works very well and the large handle fits nicely in my geezer hand.
This is one of two peelers I have on hand, the other being a generic/unknown branded peeler I bought at the grocery store.
Between the two, this is by far my favorite.
But I do think it is better designed than most.
The handle has a nice contour to it that seems to be designed to fit in my hand.
The handle material also has some cushioning to it, which I appreciate.
It doesn't completely eliminate the soreness in my hand if I do a substantial amount of peeling, but I do think it reduces it.
Having compared to to my 'generic' peeler, I've noticed the other tends to make my hand feel uncomfortable and sore faster.
Overall I think this is a great peeler.
This little peeler is expensive, for what it is - a basic peeler.
So far this little peeler has handled everything I've thrown at it with ease.
Yes, I would recommend it to any cook.
I've long been a fan of OXO utensils but I didn't think there was a good are bad when it came to peelers.
I cook quite a bit and had used a peeler recently at my brother's house.
When I got this one and used it, it was like night and day.
There's something about the design of the blade that makes it pretty safe to use and still really quick at peeling.
It also comes with a nifty plastic blade cover that I use to protect the blade from dulling in my utensil drawer.
It is really smooth, easy to clean, and hold fairly well.
I do miss the eye removal tool from the standard peelers but the one it provides works well enough.
If the eye removal tool was better I would give it five stars.
It is an awesome tool to peel potatoes with.
This peeler is sturdy, sharp and still works like new even 10 years after purchasing it.
My husband doesn't mind peeling veggies since the handle is not skinny and it is easy to grip.
I threw out my other peeler and have not bought another one since this peeler has come into my kitchen.
This peeler is unlike others, as it is made in one piece.
Others are glued together and trust me, they fall apart while washing.
I didn't realize how dull my peeler was until I replaced it with the OXO Good Grips.
Peeling potatoes has never been easier!  The peeler is easy to hold and easy to use.
This tool peels easily and feels comfortable in your hand.
The gouger part at the end for digging the &#34;eyes&#34; out out potatoes is pretty much junk though.
Frustrating, but the main function of peeling is smooth and easy.
When these came I was so pleasantly surprised.
They are super sharp and so comfortable in my hand.
My 6 year old grandson is able to peel a potato all by himself without any problem as the peeler never slips in his hand.
The old one would slip and flip on him all the time.
I really like this and am so glad I got 2 of them.
It is rare when $5.99 can make you happy! This peeler will change your  life.
Carrots, cucumbers, potatoes, sweet potatoes, apples, really ripe  pears, peaches, eggplant.
We own a lot of OXO gadgets, and this one is a good example of why.
It's a workhorse in the kitchen and cleans up easy in the dishwasher.
I should have gotten one of these years ago.
Fits nicely in my hand and peels great.
I need to purchase a couple of more for my children.
Very comfortable handle, good grip and very sharp to peel potatoes, carrots and other foods that need to be peeled.
This peeler feels fantastic in your hand and we love the wide, secure handle.
It glides over the peels with ease and manages to peel very thinly so you don't waste the fruit or veggie interior.
They've even included a hole for convenient hanging on your utensil pegboard.
We have a lot of trouble with peelers (as we do with spatulas, as mentioned in my spatula review).
This one seems to work pretty well, and it's holding up well so far.
We're still hoping for a better peeler than this, but this one is pretty darn good.
Our family of seven has meals some times with five pounds of potatoes or sweet potatoes and these peelers make quick work of them.
The blades are sharp and the handles are comfortable to use.
This peeler is great, durable, and easy to use and clean.
Beats using a knife to peel carrots and other veggies.
It arrived the other day, and since then I have used it for peeling cucumbers, ginger root, apples, potatoes, and carrots.
It affords an easy grip and a smooth operation - making an otherwise dull job, zip along quite happily.
The peels are thin and sleek and make perfect treats for the chickens and guineas.
I plan to order some for other family members if they do not already have one.
I use it all the time and has grips on the side for your fingers to not slip.
I have been using cheap peelers all my life and decided to give this one a try to see what a good peeler can do.
It feels great in my hand and does a great job peeling.
By the way, I tried the OXO Good Grips Y peeler as well.
I've had mine for over two years, and it's working as well as the day I purchased it.
It doesn't dull, it peels efficiently, it's safe, light, easy to handle, easy to clean, and doesn't rust.
It works well with potatoes, carrots, cucumbers, and zucchinis.
It's crazily cheap that you should definitely give this product a try.
I can put it in the dishwasher and it is very sharp.
It does a great job on peeling potatoes.
This one is so much better than the serrated one.
I cut myself several times on the other one and have since given it away.
I love OXO products, and this was no disappointment.
Nice sturdy swivel handle, and a VERY sharp blade.
Peeling has never been more fun!  I love this peeler.
It is super easy to peel any kind of fruit I want.
I'll never go back to the regular type of peelers or God-forbid dangerous knives.
Sometimes, I buy root vegetables just so I can peel them.
I can grasp it quite easily with my miniature sized hands.
(I wear size XS gloves.)  It's not hard to clean either.
I just rinse and wipe, along the grain, using a sponge.
I've had this for months and so far no visible grime has built up on it.
It is rust free as the day I bought it.
I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
At 62 I have very arthritic hands, the more I to hold onto, the less pain I have later.
so yeah it does the job well and saves hand problems.
I DID ORDER TWO, BUT NOW I ONLY HAVE ONE.
MY DAUGHTER WAS AT MY PLACE HELPING ME IN THE KITCHEN AND WAS EQUALLY IMPRESSED AT HOW WELL THIS PEELER WORKED.
OF COURSE, I GAVE HER MY EXTRA ONE.
I MUST REMEMBER TO REORDER ANOTHER ONE FOR MYSELF.
Not much to say except it does the job and sure beats my old peelers.
I have small hands and wish the handle was narrower but I manage.
Peals potatoes so much easier than our old one, and it's nice and sharp, too.
Soft handle is comfortable to hold and easy to grip.
It's also very easy to wash.Love OXO's stuff and this one is very good.
The grip is really the biggest things about this for me.
It fits well in my hand, feels sturdy, and the blade is sharp.
It peels cleanly and makes the job a lot easier.
I have a drawer full of potato peelers.
The handle is comfortable and the swivel head makes peeling go much faster.
I've been using this Oxo Flexible potato peeler for years.
It never breaks-- it works like a charm every time!.
moved into a new apartment and these are obviously a must have for any cook.
highly recommend and they won't break your wallet!.
Slip grip is great and it peels smoothly.
Oxo makes the BEST stuff! This peeler is no exception.
The nice, fat handle is great for my arthritic hands, and the peeler stays sharp, even though it's used a lot.
It's surprising what a big difference a good design can make.
There was no catching, or damaging the produce, and it took a lot less time.
I don't think I've ever bought a bad kitchen utensil from OXO.
For years I thought that the veggie peelers I purchased time and again at the dollar stores were good enough.
This is no exception and can be placed in the dishwasher for easy cleanup.
It seems to cut a bit deep, but that might just be me.
It is sharp, comfortable to hold, and washed up easy in the dishwasher.
Somehow my old metal version of this kind of peeler disappeared.
With the available options on the market, I still wanted the old style peeler like this.
I've been very pleased with this purchase, and love (as usual) the rubber grip of the handle.
You can't even tell you just cut something.
and I simply brush it away with my hand and continue.
I have been looking for a decent peeler for a while now.
The ones at the supermarket are cheap and junky.
I wanteda decent one that works well, and this is it.
While it is a little bit more money, it peels good and is quite comfortable in my hand.
Seriously, it's the best peeler I've ever used.
The peeler part swivels easily in the grip, and it makes peeling stuff effortless.
Due to misadventures in moving we have had to buy this exact product 3 times.
The grip stays in hand with no slipping even if hand gets wet while using.
My gal friend has rheumatoid arthritis and this is the only style she can use.
The OXO is easy to use, easy to clean, very reliable product and company.
Amazon price slightly better than any other store we researched.
Once again, OXO delivers a quality kitchen product.
It's a good peeler for just about any job peeling fruits or vegetables.
I even use it to make little ribbons of vegetable and parmesan cheese.
It's comfortable in my hand and the rubbery handle is grippy, even when wet.
I have spent a lot of money on cheap peelers and saw this one on Amazon and took a chance on it.
It works great, is easy to handle and I highly recommend it.
This inexpensive gadget produces much better results, much faster and more comfortably, than any other peeler I've ever used.
It works equally well on potatos, carrots, apples, etc.
Oxo Good Grips Swivel PeelerThe potato and cucumber have met their match.
This peeler makes quick work of the skins without much fatigue to your hands.
This is the second peeler that I've bought, the first grew a couple of legs and was AWOL.
I liked the first so well that I bought another, because this is an essential tool in any kitchen.
The Good Grips line features durable, non-slip, flexible handles on every product.
Made from the same material as dishwasher gaskets, the handles are slip-proof--wet or dry--as well as dishwasher-safe.
Apples, carrots, cucumbers and potatoes all are fair game for this peeler.
The tip of the peeler has a potato eye remover which works very well.
All-in-all, your experience with this peeler will be positive as it makes quick work of the skins.
This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite.
This peeler is ideal - it's sharp, easy to grip, flexible, simple to clean, and seems pretty durable.
It's more expensive than it could be, but it's not overpriced and it really works well.
No complaints from me on potatoes, cucumbers, zucchini, etc.
As the man in the house who cooks, I always appreciate good tools.
This peeler works precisely like I hoped it would.
I purchased the OXO Good Grips Peeler back in 2000 and I have been using it ever since with no problems whatsoever.
I originally bought it to replace the peeler that came in my Culinary School tool kit.
That peeler had broken after only a month of use.
But I have used the OXO peeler ever since, going on 5 years now.
It feels great in my hands and peels potatoes, carrots and other vegetables perfectly.
While I was in school my classmates were constantly borrowing this from me and asking me where I bought it.
Even one of my Chef instructors loved it and would use it from time to time.
If this peeler were to ever break on me, which it has shown no signs of doing, I would not hesitate to buy another OXO.
This was a gift for my granddaughter that just moved into an apartment -- she loves it!  Works well - thanks!!.
Excellent peeler!So many peelers just don't work that well.
Lost the one I'd used for years and was so upset until I found this one.
I bought this for peeling fruits and veggies to make my own baby food.
This works great and comes with a little plastic case for the blade.
As a vegan, I work with a lot of vegetables.
As a result, this peeler is practically an extension of my arm!  I love it!  I use it regularly and the blade is still sharp.
It works perfectly on carrots, potatoes, cucumbers...you name it!.
The best thing about this peeler is the very comfortable handle.
It's easy to hold on to, plus its very sharp! It makes peeling very easy, I've used it on carrots and cucumbers with little trouble.
This peeler is very sharp, peels potatoes and carrots quickly and doesn't require too much effort.
No waste of the peels either, it just peels what needs to be peeled :).
Easy to use, makes potato peeling quick and easy.
This is my second one, good price too and easy to clean.
Keeps sharp forever, easy to clean, padded handle makes it easy on your hand, peels just the right amount of skin of whatever you're peeling.
It's sharp and sturdy, good not only for cleaning potatoes but also for peeling skin from coconut meat.
We had one of these for years and it worked perfectly until the day it mysteriously disappeared, stolen by evil space aliens.
we immediately replaced it, but for a couple of days had to use a "regular peeler" with a dull blade - horrible.
The Oxo stays sharp and just plain does the job!.
The handle is sturdy and feels good in the hand.
The "grips" help avoid slippage with your wet, kitchen hands.
Swivel action helps when peeling uneven surfaces (think potatoes).
It's definitely worth a few extra bucks to get a real peeler.
Especially if you love sweet potato mash as much as I do!.
I broke my old peeler recently and after tons of review reading I settled on this guy.
It is super sharp and gets the job done.
Also the grip is comfy so even after peeling tons for a carrot cake it wasn't as tiring.
My kids use it and love it works great on carrots, cucumber, ginger and apples.
Happy there were 3 in this pack now my kids each have their own.
I've tried others, but the Oxo is simply the best.
Peels quickly and is comfortable in the hand to use.
This swivel peeler works so well!! I even peel mango using this peeler, and it doesn't break the flesh of the fruit.
It glides on the fruit or veggie super smooth and the non slip grip handle is great.
It cost like $9 but so worth it because it works so well.
I've had this for 3 years now and it looks and feels like it's new.
The tip is hollowed out so you can scoop out bad spots on potatoes etc.
So far has held up well to several weeks of use.
We'll see how well the sharpness holds up over time.
This turned out to be darn near awesome!  My old peeler was about 10 years or more old.
Although it still worked, there was a definite issue with it being sharp enough to get the job done.
I also hand washed it every time which may be why it lasted so long but was still more of an inconvenience.
I bought this one after doing a little research and reading reviews.
Super glad I made the decision because it works perfectly!  Testing it out, I peeled 2 cucumbers in about 2 minutes or less.
Huge difference from my old one which took longer and was not as easy.
This OXO peeler is smooth as silk with the peels long and even.
I also tested the dish washer safe claim when I first received it which was accurate.
A good peeler is especially important nowadays since I tend to cook healthier meals.
A good peeler also makes for good cucumber tzatziki or sweet potato fries (baked of course).
If you need a new peeler, this is a good choice!.
I am a sharp and easy to use peeler.
I boast a sleek design and wide handle.
I glide over carrots, potatoes, and apples with ease.
We had two of these peelers and we think one of them was accidentally thrown away, so we bought another one.
My wife has arthritis and this and the other Oxo products make it much more comfortable for her to work with and handle.
I tried this in a kitchen store, bought it immediately and upon arriving home, I threw away the 4-5 other kind littering my drawer.
Try this and you will never use another brand.
It produces thin rinds and peel with little or no pulp, and cuts on the first run every single time.
This is the best peeler I have used!  I have one and have given them as gifts numerous times.
The grip is comfortable, the peeling action is smooth and quick and it just is a joy to use.
What more could you want? My wife  has carpal tunnel and loves the whole line of OXO products, but this one is  our favorite.
Even my 11 year old daughter begs me to use it when I peel  vegetables.This is the last peeler you'll ever need!.
This is our second one we have purchased.
The first one lasted for many years before it finally got dull.
Our day care kids also like it.Dishwasher safe, too.HOWEVER;The potato eye remover is nearly useless.
this peeler is of high quality material , it is very sharp , works like a charm.
She is a Cheer Leader and eats lots of salads.
This peeler helps to prep many of her fresh veggies and fruits.
Purchased as a replacement for the cheap stainless steel handled version which I seem to cut myself on regularly.
This handle is bigger, and seems to create more separation between blade and back of fingers.
I have only used this product a few times on carrots, apples, persimmons, and other fruit.
Feels very solid, and is easy to clean.
OXO brand delivers again!Durable peeler better than other I've tried.
I've never come across anything that performs as well.Peels carrots, cucmbers, etc.
I've even used it to peel pumpkins!Easy to clean!Cons:None.
Very good peeler for BIG hands!  Sharp blades.
One would be surprised how rare it is to find a peeler that is actually easy to use.
I went though a number of peelers which I all eventually abandoned in favor of my trusted knife.
Hasn't dulled over all these years of constant use.
so far have no bad reviews with this brand.
I like to buy this brand occassionally and have never had a problem.
This peeler makes light work of hard job of peeling veggies etc...I will buy no other brand for such.
I have always got oxo products because they are the best, simply put.
I bought these for my envious sister 'n law - I'm sure that she'll love them when I give them to her at Christmas.
I like this peeler better than anything I have to date.
Still there are resistant things that I think should work, but  it has not fallen apart as others have when tackling difficult veggie skins.
I bought this peeler to replace one that was getting dull.
My sister was here for a visit and also wanted one so I bought another.
I've had this for about a year, it still remains sharp enough to do a good job peeling vegetables.
Ive had a number of peelers and got tired of them getting dull or rusting.
Ive had this almost a year, and its still the best peeler Ive ever had.
To put it very simply, the blade is ultra sharp and the handle makes it ultra easy to use.
For someone with a disability or arthritis (or just weakness in your hands) this is perfect.
And even if you don't have dexterity problems the handle makes it very easy to peel a lot of potatoes and carrots.
Usually my hand is tired after two or three, but I just did more than 20 for a party and my hand was not tired.
The only reason it lost 1 star, is that I have had better.
I've used many before only to end up in the trash can.
Bought a Cuisinart peeler a week ago and it sucked.
This has the right angle and a good blade.
A much better broad handle which makes holding it a lot easier! I recommend this.
Been slicing like a pro ever since these things came in.
I've skinned cucumbers, apples, and other veggies and fruits that I couldn't skin before.
JUST AFTER ORDERING IT FROM AMAZON I SAW IT AT WALGREENS FOR 4.99....THE EVERYDAY PRICE.
I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED IF IT COULD BE FOUND EVEN CHEAPER THAN 4.99 AT DISCOUNT STORES.
So far I have only used this peeler to peel potatoes because I have another peeler for carrots and other vegetables.
It works well but the razor is loose and I don't like that.
Otherwise it fine, sharp and feels ok in hand.
Had to find replacement for my mother's peeler that I'd used for 20 years.
I have been using this peeler for quite some time now.
I use it to peel potato, carrot and ginger skin.The grip is very good.
It has not slipped out of my hand once.
Small enough and good-looking enough too, and good value for the price.
Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced.
Highly recommend! A must have for the kitchen.
I think all of us have owned a peeler that is worn and beat up.
Its holding up real well and I finally don't get irritated peeling fruits :).
The blade is very sharp and peels nicely - doesn't take a thick piece of the potato or whatever I'm peeling.
I loved it so much that I ordered one for our 6 children.
I know Oxo products get always good review.
This is the reason why I bought this product.
The size of the pieces that came off when peeled with the new one was incredible.
It peels carrots equally well, and it makes cooking much more leisurely and fun.
I went with the one that doesn't turn and am quite pleased.
It quickly peels carrots and potatoes without taking much of the meat of the vegetable off.
It's easy to clean and easy to store.
I don't know, but from now on, I won't.
It is my first peeler, so I can hardly compare, but it works very well, very smooth.
I had it for 2 weeks, and peeling veggies is now a fast task in my kitchen.
the grip is soft where you hold it between thumb and index finger.
The hole on the grip is just big enough to hang this if you want.
This peeler has a good-size handle that is easy to grip even when wet.
It came with a cover over the blade - good idea.
It's sharp out of the box and I kept the cover to put back on it when it goes in the drawer.
Love the OXO Grip items I've bought over the years.
This is one sharp peeler that shipped with a clear plastic cover snapped over the blade.
I kept the cover and put it right back on the blade after washing.
I don't want the blade to get dull mingling in the drawer with all my other kitchen gadgets.
I like the way it feels in you hand.
It works great and you can't go wrong with this.
In fact, when I first used it, I was disappointed I didn't have more stuff to peel.
This peeler does not require any elbow grease to move it down the vegetable and get it to peel--you don't have to apply any pressure.
The handle is nice and big so it feels comfortable in your hand.
I purchased this years ago and have loved it from the start.
It's so comfortable to hold, works in both directions - peeling away from your hand or towards your hand.
We use it on cucumbers, potatoes, and carrots.
Takes off just the right amount of peel with each swipe.
It has held up fine in the dishwasher and seems to be still sharp enough, probably 15 years after we bought it.
Nice potato peeler, it will hold up in doing what I need it to do.
Very nice quality as most OXO products are.
It worked until I threw it away by accident.
I just wish it didn't end up in the garbage.
I got mine years ago and just bought 2 for family members.
Super easy to hold, good grip, comfy and sharp blade.
I don't use it much, but here is my 2 cents:The handle design is godlike.
However I love the previous one, it came to rusting due to its cheaply made metal I think.
So I'm seeking for a better replacement, I do like most of OXO products like can opener, wine opener etc.
This peel was great, peel thinner, exactly as I wanted.
I used an old metal vegetable peeler I bought at a garage sale twenty years ago until it broke.
My family had bought several replacements over the years and nothing did even close to as good a job until this oxo.
It's comfortable to hold, very sharp and just as fast as my old one.
Using the round eye remover takes some practice but once you get it, it works great.
It's dishwasher safe, so no more oven drying like my old one.
Slightly pricey, but you get what you pay for.
The ergonomics of the product are well thought out.
Can be used as an unwieldy but viable stabbing or slicing tool in the event of a home invasion.
This oxo good grips swivel peeler is a great addition to the kitchen.
The handle is comfortable to hold and work with and the blade is very sharp and effective.
This peeler does a great job of cutting off the skin of the vegetable without taking a lot of the actual vegetable  with it.
This is without a doubt the best peeler I've ever used.
My hands never got tired, no matter how many apples, potatoes, carrots, or anything else I peeled.
I have been using potato peelers for 40 years and I think this is the first one I have ever enjoyed using.
Talk about making fast work out of peeling potatoes and carrots.
I am purchasing one for both my daughter and son so they don't have to wait 40 years for a great peeler.
A great peeler that is easy to hold.
It is sharp and that makes it much quicker than any peeler that I have ever owned.
However, because it is sharp, without thinking I peeled a couple millimeters of skin off of one of my fingers.
I'm a lefty and have no problems using this.
I bought this because I have trigger fingers and thought the handle would help, but the handle is a bit too large.
I have never had any problem with water getting into the handle and I sometimes soak this is the sink.
It has one of the best cutting blades that can be used in a peeling toward or peeling away motion.
Nice item for the price, it has lasted me longer than any other.
comfortable, sharp and typical oxo quality and designi peel/slice everything with this thing.
veggies, fruit, cheese, soap,don't ask about the soap.
Remains sharp after countless potatoes, apples, carrots, and what have you skinned.
I can do this for days! It has a plastic cap for the blade for safe storage.
This is my favorite peeler and I now purchased a 2nd one.
It is so nice in your hands, love Oxo!.
that said, it works, does the job well.
This review left by Alan's wife, Susan, chief apple corer.
I use it to core apples before I put them in the dehydrator, It's well made and easy to clean; a very good product.
This corer works as it is supposed to for coring apples.
that is all I have used it for.
This works as good as any corer should.
You don't have to push down to hard to get the result you want.
The hole is wide enough to get everything out.
On larger apples it can leave a small amount of the core behind, but not a big deal.
This is a perfect quick and easy helper when you have two hungry toddlers that want their apples &#34;big&#34; and not sliced.
I learned about this brand through the Today's show one morning.
And they were not kidding-- This company does have great products!I uploaded a picture to illustrate how well the corer does the job.
It fits in my hand well and it doesn't slip at all.
You slam this thing down into an apple and PRESTO - gross seeds and tough core are gone-zo.
I like to dehydrate apples, and this has simplified that process by a million minutes.
The little teeth at the end help it break the waxy apple skin, and a quick turn pulls the core out.
The kind wth the handles that you center over the apple and push down into wedges...those just don't work well.
The trick to using this one is to twist as you push and yo get a much cleaner coring.
I used this and then slice the apples into rings...my kids love it.
We love it and use it all the time.
Core an apple in seconds.Easy to gripe handle.Made apple slices,  I am thinking apple dumplings are in my future!.
I just core the apple, then slice it up, and snack on the apple slices.
I use this to create a hole in cupcakes to fill them.
Either fill it with a mini peanut butter cup or fruit preserves and then icing on top.
If you need an apple corer, this one works very well.
It is comfortable to use and cores apples quickly and easily.
It just depends on what sorts of desserts and recipes you use.
However, if you ever need the tool to core an apple without slicing it, this is an awesome brand.
Should have gotten this a long time ago!!!  You will really love it, too!.
works well, pricey but what isnt these days.
If you dehydrate apples, it is perfect for decreasing your workload.
I like eating apples with peanut or almond butter, but I used to hate trying to cut the center out of each apple slice.
I put the apple on top of a cutting board and then push the Corer straight through the center of the apple.
It is large enough to get the entire core out of small to medium sized apples.
I have arthritic hands and this handle is super.
I bought this apple corer so I could core my apples more easily than with a knife.
It works as advertised so I'm happy! :).
This corer is of great quality, but the handle is so bulky that it doesn't store well.
I use it quite a lot, however, so I guess it's worth it.
Nothing fancy here, just a handy little tool.
It works well and gets the job done.
Most times I need to do a couple of passes at the core to get it all out.
If it had a little bigger circumference it would be really great.
I've been looking around for an apple corer (and hopefully cheaper than Pampered Chef) and stumbled upon this one.
This corer has been the perfect solution, as I can keep it in tact and remove the core for him.
Very sturdy, easy to use and a steal for the price!.
Clutz-approved! Despite lacking sharp edges, it still cuts through an apple very easily and without a lot of force.
Just try not to get too crazy with it, or you'll end up with a bunch of apple cylinders and no apple left!.
This corer is right up there with the best of the OXO tools.
The handle is large and sturdy and helps me get a good grip so I can get the core out with one motion.
I tend to buy organic when possible and those apples are generally a little smaller than conventionally grown ones.
Handle is solid and metal is firm and not easily breakable.
I use this thing to core out the inside of a potato.
Then stuff it with meat and cheese and plug the ends back with part of the core I pulled out.Try it! Yummy.
I no longer loathe using apples in recipes.
An apple corer really does save time and reduces waste.
I've used this about 15 times and it's still going strong.
Although sometimes I halfway miss the core, and have to go through again (my issue not the corer).
It's very easy to push through and core, and takes a nice clean section out of the apple.
If you're making apple dumplings, pie, etc it makes the apples look very "professional".
It really does a good job of coring with minimal effort.
I use it to core apples to put in the microwave with brown sugar and cinnimon for dessert.
I bought this based on other reviews, and I am glad I did.
I used it for the first time yesterday and had a dozen apples cored in less than 5 minutes.
It was really easy to use and did a great job!.
Before buying this product, I used an apple corer and divider.
I am starting to eat healthier and decided to buy this apple corer to see if I liked it better.
I love the OXO Good Grips Corer! It takes just seconds to core the apple and the core is easy to remove from the corer.
The handle is comfy and easy to grip.
I use this to core small and medium-sized apples and the core comes out completely.
However, I do not think the core will come completely out with larger-sized apples because of the size of the head.
does the job Apple killer no seeds left behind, bananas are safe for now easy to clean highly recommend great quality.
This little tool is awesome!  it sure saves time as in one quick motion it takes out the core including all the seeds.
Great time saver and well worth the money.
Wish I had purchased it years ago....highly recommend.
This item turned out to be even more handy than expected.
Works like a charm every time and is a snap to clean!.
Is sometimes difficult to line up all the through and apple, particularly a very large one.
So the bottom of the core may be off center and you give it a second run through.
It is very sturdy and very easy to use.
let me start by saying that I have never used this apple corer on apples.
I used it on potatoes to make a recipe called potatoe bombs (stuffed baked potatoes).
This little device worked great in coring the potatoes and I imagine it would do a great job on coring an apple too.
My recipe turned out great and this corer worked very well, helping cut down on prep time.
Needed something I could grip & use easily and this definitely does the job.
A definite YES if your hands give you trouble at the most inconvenient moment!.
I've used it on a few dozen apples, put it through the dishwasher, and its still working.
I wish it was a little sharper, it's takes some force to break the skin of the apple.
Purchased this as a gift for someone who wanted a cupcake corer.
She said it works great and makes the filling process a lot easier.
This corer works exactly as advertised, it makes coring the apples extremely easy.
The size of the whole seems perfect to get the full core out without taking out tons of extra apple.
To me this is fairly straight forward, either it works well or it doesn't, and for me this product works perfectly.
I got this because my husband will not cut up and core an apple.
I bought this tool for that reason and when I tried it it worked just like it was designed for that.
I just bought this apple corer in a local supermarket.
Now I have this and I love it.
With an easy grip handle it makes coring an apple a piece of cake.
It is very sharp, but unlike the apple corer/slicer, it doesn't cut my fingers to pieces.
When the apple is cored cutting it into many cubes or slices is a breeze.
It is a very quick job to cut an apple that has been cored.
I think I will give this corer to my friends and let them save their fingers as well.
Great product and very functional, it comes out of the dishwasher as sharp as it went in.
I would rate this corer 5 stars for functionality and usefulness.
Simple, practical, durable design and so easy to use!  I love it and bought one as a gift, too.
I wish I would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now.
I followed the recommendation of Cook's Illustrated in buying this.
The corer is so much better than the half circle corer I used growing up.
Solid handle is easy to grip and gives you enough torque that it feels almost effortless to use.
The hardest part is aiming the thing so it goes through the center of the apple.
Also the size of the core extract is a little on the small side for the biggest apples.
A little of the core is left in the apple, but for normal store sized apples it works great.
I found this corer to be sturdy while coring out the middles of the apples.
I can turn the corer with one hand while holding the apple with the other and still do it in one easy motion.
You push down on the stem end and punch out the core of the apple.
I used to have one of those slice-and-core type corers but this is so much better.
It's more compact in the tool drawer and it works a lot better.
We ordered two of these and they work really well when it comes to preparing apples for the pies.
Great quality and price...........which, of course, makes for a Great Deal !!!!.
I like the &#34;circular core&#34; cutter vs the &#34;star type&#34; cutters which are more common.
Not only do I use it to core apples for pie, I also use it to make filled cupcakes.
Just push down the center of the cupcake to nearly the bottom, twist and pull out.
Fill the inside and replace with just the top.
Does just what it's supposed to - cores apples perfectly every time.
The size of the corer takes away only the core and the serated edges make it really easy to shove through the apple.
The grip makes it very easy to hold and maneuver.
Dishwasher safe and a great product - would definitely recommend.
It is easy to use and simple to coring an apple.
I can even let the kids do it with no fear of them cutting themselves.
I would have liked it to be slightly larger diameter, but  for most of the apples it removes enough of the core.
The chunky ribbed handle is very comfortable and easy to grip.
It cuts quickly and easily through apples with a back and forth twisting motion as you push down over the core.
If you're a little off center and some of the core is left behind, realign the corer and make a second pass.
I used this to make old fashioned apple dumplings for my husband that his grandmother used to make for him.
This corer does exactly what it's supposed to do easily.
Nice clean cut through the center of the apple, and easy to clean it too.
Yes, you can use this to core apples.
You can also use it to hollow out baking potatoes to make "stuffed potato bombs".
And it works like a charm for that too.
See the bbq pit boys recipe on youtube.
It is very easy to use and works great.
I have had it for about a month now and it is the best corer I have had.
I would recommend this for the purpose it was designed for.
This is a nice sturdy corer; I wanted one like my grandmas but this one works as well.
As with most Oxo products, this device worked as well as expected and is well made and easy to use and clean.
I recommend this for anyone in need of a good corer for apples.
I bought this originally to core and fill cupcakes.
Then fill your cupcake (with marshmallow cream, or cherry filling, so many yummy options).
We also have used it to core cucumbers (and fill with herbed cream cheese).
One thing I like is that while the tool isn't exceptionally sharp, with a bit of pressure it easily cores items.
I like that it's not a super sharp tool, but rather serated to cut through items.
This apple corer is awesome and very high quality.
I am so glad that I bought it.
My kids really enjoy eating the apple rings that I make from it and also eating apple ring and peanut butter sandwiches.
A great product that inspires us to eat healthier.
the best there is - great buy for apple coring and very useful for making baked apples.
I was a little skeptical about this because the corers I've used in the past  usually just mangled the apple.
This one gives a nice clean cut and goes in and out relatively easy.
A great tool as are all OXO tools I've tried.
I understand they cannot make it too sharp for safety reasons, but if it were just a little sharper it would be 5 stars.
Being dull, it's safe, but requires too much pressure to push through an apple.
Ironically, applying the extra pressure actually makes it less safe because it's not as stable when one has to push so hard.
After you master the coring angle, this thingamajig really does the job.
I was using the standard &#34;segmented ring&#34; type corer but this is really nice.
Having an apple corer, I find, makes slicing apples so much simpler.
And this is the one recommended by America's Test Kitchen.
Easy to use and easy to clean up afterward.
Corer worked nicely, was easy to do, easy to get the core out of it.
I've seen different products for apples and onions that look like they do the same thing.
It cuts cleanly and doesn't take out too much either, no real waste to speak of.
Highly recommended kitchen gadget that will certainly get its uses around my house.-D.
I used it once to core a bunch of apples to make dried apple slices.
Nonetheless, makes a clean cut and removes the core in one piece.
Our daughter is starting her own cupcake company so these are perfect for getting her started.
This came quickly and is great for coring to fill the cupcakes.
I like eating apple wedges with skin on, and so does my husband.
However he doesnt like to fiddle with paring knives and I sometimes skip this healthy snack, just from laziness.
It removes a circle of twice the area of the old useless one i returned.
The actual inner diameter of the OXO corer is 3/4 inch or 19 mm.
The thickness of the actual steel is 1 mm.
The length of the steel is just around 4 inches long and the rubber handle is just about 4 inches long.
The rubber handle is oval in cross section and there is decent sized hole at the end of the handle for hanging it up.
The color is natural oxidation of the fruit juice/pulp, it's not from the corer instrument.
When you use the corer, the "cut" surface is a saw cut, so it is microscopically a bit more ragged than when using a knife.
This OXO corer is one of the few kitchen gadgets that I use often.
It makes fast work of coring an apple.
I chose this because of the 'good grip' on the product.
I have to admit, if u have a firm apple, u have to shove that corer thru with some serious force.
Other than the area turning immediately brown that has been cored, I'm happy.
I'd use this mostly to make apple pies.
So some sugar and baking will hide the browning effect it causes.
This Corer works great!!! I love it and it is so easy to use.
The OXO style handle certainly makes it easier and more comfortable to use.
It's very sharp and goes right through the apple with any issues.
It's not as wide as you think either.
I was hoping it was a tad wider but it still gets the job done most of the time.
I make apple-nut-raisin whole wheat low fat muffins for us for breakfast on the way to work.
I don't peel the apples because we're old and we need the fiber.
This little puppy makes that baking event 100% easier.
And 99% of the time, gets out all of the core and seeds.
It turned out just fine to replace what I had lost.
I would buy it again.Reliable, I would buy it again.
Corer works well for cupcakes, the main reason I bought it.
Easy to clean, easy to use...beats the heck out of a knife.
I haven't used it on fruit, and probably won't, so can't comment on traditional use.
Doesn't completely remove core all the time; but satisfied with this tool.
As far the typical apple corer, it's a good one.
It's got a nice handle and goes in smoothly.
The corer part could be a bit wider, but that's something I've run into with other corers.
This corer lives up to the excellent reputation OXO has established with it's line of kitchen products.
It feels good in the hand, and it is built to last.
Does a nice job provided you are able to push it thru an apple from stem to stern and get it centered around the core.
Otherwise it will not remove all the core in the seed area and you will have to remove that by other means.
I use this thing every time I deal with apples.
I use this tool every day and love it.
It's very well built, simple, functional, easy to use, and only takes a few seconds to clean.
If you love apples and pears, this is a must have tool.
Looks good, feels good in the hand, and works well.
Press and twist, pull back, press and clear with thumb, reach for another apple.
I needed an apple corer to dehydrate apples into apple chips.
My honey said this one was the best he's ever used.
We bought this hand grater to replace an aluminum hand grader with a looped rolled aluminum handle.
I got mine included in a utility crock.
Simple, straightforward and a boon in the kitchen.
I have another OXO grater that is quite  bit narrower and has more of a bow to it.
This one just totally lays waste to a chunk of cheddar in no time flat.
These good grips kitchen tools are well made for the money.
The rubberized handle has a very professional feel.
i pretended i was a chef in a restaurant as i grated my nutmeg! it's sturdy and sharp! a good buy i don't regret.
I like the padded handle, and it really remains straight while grating a hard hunk of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
The cheese does not fly all over the place either.
It washes up easily in hot soapy water.
Take a few seconds after you wash it to towel dry it.
Cheese graters are famous for rusting, and I don't think even the OXO brand is immune to that.
I like OXO quality and this is no exception.
I have the old box style one with four edges, but honestly with a food processor who needs it, not to mention it develops rust.
With this easily held grater you can position yourself over a plate, a bowl, a pan or whatever, and make precisely the grating you need.
They excel at utility, ease of use, and durability.
Any chef or gourmand should be using them.
This is a sturdy grater and the grater holes are small.
This is just the right size for me and with a little rinse and dry, it goes back in the drawer.
I buy the OXO 19pc set and it didn't come with a bottle opener.
This bottle/can opener feels just like the OXO Good Grips vegetable peeler.
Its black, rubberized grip has a section of "gills" that molds to your grip for better control.
When you're done, just pop it in the dishwasher.
The only drawback is that with long term use, the "gills" sometimes break off.
This is a handy, sturdy and attractive bottle opener you can use to either flip open pop-top caps or pierce the top of cans.
Got so tired of my old opener bending and not punching through the can and slipping on.
This is so well made and works great.
Very sturdy, and nice handle that is very easy to grip and does not slip.
I wanted to try one of these,kind of peeler,this one was a good brand priced right,I was very pleased with my choice,!.
The handle is easy to hold and fits great in both my hand as well as my husband's.
Now I cook mashed potatoes more often because it requires no effort to peel them.
Easy to handle and cuts a wide peel so that it doesn't take much time.
I picked up a OXO Y-peeler, like the above model, except with a red inlay on whim in Krogers, about.
Used to use a peeler, that wasn't a Y shape, but was just straight with a long U shaped point blade.
My hand cramped up so bad all the time! And I'm a young guy.
So I got this and have never looked back.I absolutely love this kitchen tool!Anyways, this will be a good investment when peeling potatoes or carrots.
If so, this OXO Good Grips Y-Peeler might do it for me.
It's far more comfortable to use than the all metal type the supermarket sells.Recommended.
Switching from vertical to horizontal took a little getting used to, but I love this peeler.
I had a similar one when I first married but lost it in a move or something early on.
I especially like the little scoop on the side that lets you scoop out potato eyes while you're peeling.
I wanted a peeler that would work on large items better and bother my hands less.
Great grip, easy use and a durable product.
I've had it for about a month and it is by far my favorite food prep tool in my kitchen.
Much better than anything you'd by in the dollar store.
If you want to make short work of a butternut squash, this is the peeler for you.
It holds up in the dishwasher - without getting rust spots.
2002 (I can date this by a particular apartment move and the accompanying kitchen-goods shopping spree), and it is still going strong.
This thing was a revelation! It makes it SO easy to peel potatoes, for a start.
Zero blistering, even, which I consider a bonus.
It's there for a very specific purpose, and that purpose is to dig the eyes out of your potatoes.
Looking at the unassuming little black plastic 'scoop' in question, I'd never have guessed that it would work so well, but it really does.
You can peel anything that needs peeling, of course.
My mom never had a good peeler so I finally just ordered he one.
She loves it and uses it a lot.
Loved this so much I bought a second one....that way my husband can help peel potatoes.
I really prefer this "Y" style of peeler over the standard one.
I was looking for an easier way to peel butternut squash and ran into a reference to &#34;Y&#34; peelers on another website.
That led me over here to Amazon to see what was available.
I was delighted to find OXO made one.
OXO products are good quality plus they are easy to handle because of the size and material in the handle.
With my other peeler, my fingers always seemed to be getting in the way of the strokes.
I usually always nick a nail when peeling with my old peeler.
The &#34;Y&#34; peeler lets you push away from yourself with a little more control.
The cutting edges on this OXO peeler are sharp.
I'm happy to have added this to my collection of food prep tools.
Oxo really does it the best, thisis a joy to use.
I had a crappy one before this and am very pleased at the superiority of this one.
I've always switched between a regular peeler and just peeling potatoes or apples with a knife.
Other peelers seemed to take more time than a knife.
This OXO peeler is not like the others.
It makes short work of peeling potatoes or carrots, etc.
I have two other peelers that I don't even touch since I purchased the OXO peeler.
Makes peeling easier! I prefer the straight version however, because that was what I used most of my life.
The wider blade covers more space but I find it harder to hold the item and avoid the plane of the blade with this style.
It's a great product though and when my DIL is in the kitchen helping me, she prefers this one.
Feels good in your hand (and I have small hands).
It doesn't dig into your hand while you work, and isn't heavy at all.
I can't say enough good things about this peeler, except I'm going to buy another one! :).
does exactly what it is supposed to do.
as a child i watched my grandmother use the old fashioned peeler.
she could and did peel apples do the skin came off in one long  sheet.
she just had the mastery of the tool.
when i needed a peeler, i automatically went with the same old fashioned peeler.
i'm not sure when i finally had the chance to use one of these &#34;european&#34; peelers.
they do exactly what a peeler is supposed to do, peel stuff quickly and easily.
We used to have one of these, and I'm not sure what happened.
I like this horizontal style peeler much more than the vertical style peeler.
If I could suggest one improvement to OXO it would be to make the handle a bit longer.
My wife loves it, however, you could buy it cheaper at Target.
These guys make great kitchen products! This peeler is comfortable to hold and it's nice and sharp, peeling with ease :).
If it is from OXO for the kitchen I am all for it.
Durable, long lasting, good handling and fit to hand.
Just love OXO gadgets..I think I have them all, if not will keep ordering.
It makes short work of the largest veggies and has a good feel in the hand.(No peeled fingers or knuckles).
It is the best peeler I've had - I cook/bake a lot and have tried many brands.
I have 2 of these and for few years usage they are still sharp.
I love this peeler! I prefer this style over the swivel because it's easier to control and I'm less apt to cut myself.
I can easily prepare enough russet and sweet potatoes, turnips, carrots, etc.
Seems to be of high quality material and it's well made.
It cuts fruits and potatoes very good and vegetables like carrots just okay.
Would purchase again if I need a new one.
I'm not giving this 5 stars because it doesn't cut certain vegetables perfectly.
I've never used a better peeler! The skin just seems to fall of the vegetables.
I use it with another type I bough t at the same time.
This onereally does the best  job of peeling potatoes.
Anything OXO makes seems to be of good quality, and hold up well.
I got both this peeler and the OXO Pro Y Peeler.
It is much better than my old Zyliss peeler which I used to think is a great peeler compared to the nobrands I used before.
HOWEVER, After using the OXO Pro series - this does not compare.
I would therefore give it 4.5 if I could and not 5.
(Or I should give the Pro Peeler a 6...) Bottom line - it's a good peeler, and does the job for the price.
BUT - If you can spare the extra few bucks, the Pro is just a league of its own.
Okay, not a million, but at least 5.
I was a little skeptical to get this one, because why would this one be any different.
Well, my friend brought hers over to my house when we were preparing food for a friend's party.
First of all, the grip is so comfortable! Fits my hands perfectly and doesn't hurt my hand (as much) when peeling a thousand potatoes.
It works I have not found a jar it doesn't open, it will not break plastic.
I bought this item because I have a broken hand.
It quickly and easily grips a lid and gives the proper leverage to remove.
However, if you are disabled like me, the can/jar must be on a non slip surface to keep from using both hands.
This is a sturdy, well-made product and I gave one to my elderly aunt, who has arthritis.
the opener is just what we needed here.
Developed arthritis in my wrists and even before that it was always hard to open some jars.
Would highly recommend to anyone with or without arthritis who has problems opening jars..works on different sizes!.
I have tendonitis in my hands, and this makes opening jars a bit difficult at times.
There isn't always someone else around to open them so we picked up the OXO jar opener to give me a hand.
The teeth grip, and you twist, holding onto the Good Grips handle.The good: That handle is very comfortable for hurt hands to use.
I do believe the jar opener is a handy item, particularly for occasional use.
Just be aware that it might not stand up to heavy use.
This is a nice little lightweight, flat opener.
I got it to use on 2 liter bottle caps and it works great as I had hoped.
Also works great on most jar lids up to a large peanut butter jar lid.
This little gadget sure has made my life easier - no more pounding jars on the counter trying to loosen the tops! It works great!.
I have owned this item for a few years and think it's great.
Works well on great big jar lids as well as little bottle screw tops like those on a salad dressing bottle.
The trick is to push it firmly so it is wedged in tight when you go to twist.
Any one with dexterity problems or limited strength should have it but it's a must even if you don't have these issues.
I first tried the pointed ice cream scoop and  couldn't use it.
I have used other Oxo  tools and love them, so I tried again with this scoop.
It works so well it  seems to be designed with me in mind.
You can wash it in the dishwasher too.
I had one for many years and lost it, so I was really glad to see this design again.
I like ice cream scoops like this product.
It makes scooping ice cream and placing it on top of a cone so much easier with that release lever it has!.
I make a lot of meatballs and this is so handy to use.
Very hard to find one like this in the store.
Wow, I looked everywhere for 1) good quality 2)A full round scoop 3) A release slide and I got it all here.
You'll love it and you can't beat the price.
I loved this scoop!  Love the grip on it as it was easy to hold.
The ice cream was easy to scoop with it with no problems!  The only problem - no more ice cream! :).
I can achieve a firm grip, slices easily through hard ice cream.
A wonderful, comfortable, and well balanced rubberized handle.
As it glides over, it produces a curl that easily releases from the scoop.
I really didn't expect much from this scoop except a fatter grip, which I need due to a hand injury.
I had no great expectations - a scoop is a scoop, right? Well, not in this case.
The scoop is well balanced and light weight, and easy to grip.
It produces nice, even servings of ice cream instead of clunky chunks.
Somehow this tool makes scooping even the hardest ice cream easier, and I never need to run it under water to soften the ice cream.
Maybe it's the pointed but not sharp leading edge of the scoop that cuts right into the ice cream.
Maybe it's the leverage you get from the thick, non-slip grip.
I'm just happy it makes serving ice cream effortless.
This ice cream scoop with the pointed tip is one of the best I have ever used.
I was so happy to finally find an ice cream scoop that doesn't break or bend awkwardly after only a few uses.
This scoop is very sturdy with a big comfortable handle for those of us with big hands.
I like the shape of the scoop itself, it's a little sharper and flatter and really does a nice job digging into the ice cream.
Be careful though because this digging can lead to you puncturing the bottom or sides of the container.
These bumps don't impact the function of the scoop, but they certainly don't look that great.
It will work on really hard ice cream, but I still prefer to let the ice cream soften a bit.
Just scored one of these OXO Ice Cream Scoop on a Manager's Special at Fry's Food in Scottsdale AZ.
I love the OXO products for starting my Kitchen as newly divorced male.
I've come to expect solid, well-designed products from OXO, and this ice cream scoop did not disappoint me.
From the comfortable black rubberized grip to the heavy stainless steel scooper, it's quality quality quality.
I tried it on hard ice cream, and it does scoop it well...but don't expect to get by with no elbow grease.
I already had a Kitchenaid scoop and some generic one with a pushable lever.
This is pretty good, not as much heft as the Kitchenaid one has, but works fine, going thru most ice creams except the hardest.
Then all you need is to dip it into water.
The Kitchenaid is heavier, has a longer handle,  and the scoop has a little thicker metal.
As of this writing, I should point out that the Kitchenaid sells for $11.99 while the OXO is $7.99, making neither a cheap choice.
Don't get me wrong, I think the OXO is a good product, just not quite the quality of the Kitchenaid.
The OXO does work well, but the shorter handle is not as convenient when scooping in the bottom of the ice cream carton.
If you do decide on the OXO I doubt that you would be disappointed.
Wish I had more to compare it to, but this will give you an idea of the ones I have.
They are both good but I think the Kitchenaid has just a slight advantage.UPDATE:  I'm liking this scoop more and more.
When ice cream is really frozen hard this scoop with the pointed end outdoes them all! Four Stars Now.
Wonderful --- reminds me of when I worked for Baskin-Robbins.
Very comfortable grip, easy to make a round ball.
OXO makes nice kitchen products that are reasonably priced and are of a high quality.
This ice cream scooper is another example of this and is a nice purchase.
The primary distinction between this and your average scooper is that this one has pointed edges.
This makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box, especially when it's hard.
It also helps with getting to ice cream out of the corners.
My only con of this scooper is that due to the shape, you won't be able to get perfect round balls of ice cream.
Of course, that is a minor issue and shouldn't be a reason to avoid buying it.
This scoop gives you a couple of great advantages that others don't provide.
First, the large, rubber like handle gives you great gripping power to dig into hard ice cream.
Oxo makes good products, and this is one of them I would highly recommend.
It's not fancy or as attractive as a Kitchenaid that I have, but it serves the purpose.
It's easy to grip the handle and scoop ice cream quite easily.
I also like the size, as it fits in my hand just perfect.
no kidding, and that number is just what's for sale on the Amazon website.The problem with chrome covered plastic...is that it's chrome covered plastic.
So with this new scoop, I'm firmly reminding myself to wash it off after using, no soaking - get it dry and put away.
Base metal is really not always that strong, and certainly metal can bend.
If that's your priority, you may want the lever/trigger type of cone, or perhaps a non-stick rounded version.
Will update this review if the scoop proves downright fragile, though!.
After submitting this product to over three years of normal use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by M.
Good grips utensils have always been one of my favorites because of the large comfortable handles.
I was surprised when this one arrived to see the shape of the scoop had been improved.
now the end has a rather pointed tip, and this is GREAT! it makes scooping into hard ice cream a lot easier.
This scoop puts all the others to shame.
I it is now the first one I grab when i need to scoop ice cream.
I also use it as a serving utensil if I am serving mashed potatoes or foods of similar consistency and it works great.
You will like this scoop, there is not a better one around.
My old scoop was the aluminum kind with the liquid inside that you are supposed to run under hot water before using.
Problem was that it got all corroded and nasty looking over time.
i think the little points on the scoop help with serving harder ice cream.
Easy to wash and my husband even used it to scoop out the insides of our pumpkins this Halloween!.
It's been a month and so far, so good, with this OXO ice cream scoop.
The edge digs in nicely into the tub of ice cream and the handle is easy to hold.
It really makes scooping ice cream easier and more pleasant, even if it is frozen hard.
The blade is thin so it cuts through, but is very strong.
This thing looks so deceptive.The edge will cut through even nearly frozen confections.And surprisingly nothing sticks.Now I can toss out the old ones!!.
This  Oxo Good Grips ice cream scoop  has a more spade like shape  than the older model which I have had for over four years.
The tip now comes to a rounded point rather than having a straighter edge.
The image with this item as I write seems to be of the older model.
There are no moving parts to break,its easy to clean either by hand or in the dishwasher.
The new shape is even better than the older shape.
It can usually scoop out even very firm ice cream.
I rarely need to dip the head in hot water at all.
I have arthritis and some wrist issues and this grip is very comfortable and easy to use.
I expect that this one (which will not be going outside) will hold up at least as well.
Highly recommended as a kitchen essential and would make a great little gift  for any ice cream lover you might know.
I have a large, stout tablespoon reserved for the purpose which has always served me well.
That's all changed, because now I have the OXO.Two features set this one apart from the herd.
It isn't the usual hemispherical shape that most other scoops possess.
The shape makes it easy to excavate the surface of your ice cream while in the container, even in the corners.
Creating a nice round scoop to go on top of a cone, however, is problematic.
You can do it by sort of rotating the scoop in the ice cream, but it takes a bit of practice.Clean-up is simple.
Into the dishwasher in the silverware basket and you're done.
This is an easy to grip, sturdy scoop.
The handle is cushioned, which helps you get a strong grip.
The scoop is well-built and feels sturdy in your hand.
Because of this, it makes scooping even the hardest ice cream a breeze!.
This ice cream scoop is designed just like the rest of the ones identical to this one that are on the market.
The only thing that makes this different is the weight of the metal used to construct the scoop.
The scoop is of good quality and offers a rubber handle which becomes very useful after you have made a couple scoops for parties, etc.
The price is reasonable, and as said before the quality is good.
When I'm alone and making ice cream cones for myself, I don't even use the lever that releases the scoop of ice cream.
Depends on my accuracy on any given day.
Now you know how sloppy and careless I can be but when I'm alone I don't really mind.
My family wouldn't approve of this behavior understandably, that's why we're not going to tell them how I conduct myself when making food for myself.
It's not like the flies on the wall or the ants patrolling the kitchen counters will tell me I'm doing it wrong.
It's the scoopers fault the ice cream won't release, not mine!  Don't blame the messenger as they say.
OXO Good Grips Lever Ice Cream ScoopThe other day I was searching for a different type of ice cream scoop.
This scoop had to be multi-functional, not just for ice cream, but for other tasks in the kitchen.
Something that was the right size for cookies, meatballs, making melon balls.
The size of the scoop needed to be around 2 Tablespoons.
Now, all the meatballs are uniform in size.Around the holidays when cookie baking is more in vogue.
I use this scoop for uniform sized cookie dough on the baking sheet.
This is a great tool to use as the cookies tend to be more uniform in size.
Biscuits come out more uniform as well.Now for the function that the scoop was intended, that being for ice cream serving.
I found that that it works well to get this ice cream out of the container with ease.
The thumb flip works well as the ice cream is easily place into a dish or cone.
There is a delicate balance (temperature of the items) that you have to get right for the scoop flipper mechanism to work at 100% efficiency.
There were no left over food areas around the ejection flipper or anywhere around the serving head.
It is multi-functional for different aspects of cooking found in the kitchen.
I have found many uses in my kitchen for this scoop as I'm sure will as well.An epicurean bon app&eacute;tit.
In a quest to acquire the necessary kitchen items I purchased this scoop.
I love OXO and this item doesn't disappoint.
Makes scooping out ice cream easy and clean.
Small enough and good-lloking enough to leave on the table with other silvers.
Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced.
The bristles do wear down however, over time (someone in our house uses lots of FORCE when they was pots and pans).
Plus the hole is actually big enough to hang the thing up.
I just realized that I've had this brush, using it daily, a little over 5 years.
Popped it out of the dishwasher last night and it looks like new.
What else needs saying? Oxo knocks it out of the park once again.
You know how it is when someone does the dishes, but they dont do them "right".
As an avid and professional household dish doer, I appreciate the devices that make my life easier and this is the best thing ever.
The brush is extremely comfortable for the many hours a week it spends in my hand.
I have punished it on many occasions and it still looks brand new.
It is strong, comfortable, and effective and looks good while doing it.If you are on the fence about it, I say jump and buy it.
When the price took a big dip I bought several.
The large diameter handle fits my XL hand well.
If the price is around $5 - 7 jump at $10 no way?  But if ten is nothing then go for it.
I don't like the dishwasher so I usually hand wash my plates and pots.
Amazing brush, just like the OXO bottle brush!.
I had a great little OXO brush with a suction cup that stuck to the side of the sink that finally needed replacing.
Sadly they don't seem to make that kind anymore.
It's great for glasses and even for scrubbing pans.
There is a soft plastic scraper tip for caked on stuff.I hand wash 75% of my dishes, so I use dish brushes a lot.
This is a good value dish brush and I am quite happy with it.
It's not worth paying $10 - $15 for a perfect brush when this is really good for a lot less.
These are the only dish brushes that I will use.
They work great and last a long time.
The bristles are quite firm for a brush of this type but they're spread out.
This way, the kitchen brush isn't ruined trying to clean pans and other hard-to-clean items.
The sacrifice is having to keep two brushes handly instead of the simplicity of just one, but I found it better this way.
Works well, fits my hand nicely, seems to be holding up.
I love OXO and trust all their products.
So far I have yet to be disappointed.
This is a great product to have for water bottles, travel mugs, coffee pots, etc.
It's got a sturdy handle and the bristles are a nicely firm for cleaning in spots you can't get with your hand.
I have these for my kitchen, my office (bowls, water bottles, coffee mugs) since they work so well.
I looked at the "tired" dishrag being used and quickly disposed of it.
My family finds the brush easier to use and "polishes off" the dish-washing vigils with the dishcloth.
Weekly bleachings of the dishcloths eventually wear the rags out.
The dish brush replaces the harshness of scrubbing to remove dried or sticky foods from dishes, pots, and pans without damaging them.
No more rusty or unraveling scouring pads either.
Easy to clean and comfortable in the hand.This brush is sturdy and the bristles appear to be well-rooted in the base.
Only time will tell! For now, I am satisfied.
I like to use this brush for deep scrubbing.
It doesn't cost much, and it's very good.Really, I like it, and it's a trustworthy brand in my eyes.
A STURDY, COMFORTABLE KITCHEN BRUSH FOR AROUND FIVE DOLLARS.
THE DESIGN, MATERIALS AND PRICE ARE ALL SPOT ON.
I bought this to use for my cast iron skillets.
Ive had it for a few weeks and it seems to have softened up a little already.
I will update review in a few more weeks.
Only a geek would respond on a review for a dish brush, but.
Works as advertised, as a dish brush that is.
This brush has lasted a few weeks and I tend to hand wash all my dishes.
I will continue to order more of these as I need them.
Durable, just the right size and does a great job.
I love it and you will too !  Highly Recommended~!.
I have big hands, and I hate dishwashers (the machines, not the people; in my youth I worked as a dishwasher).
I have used the brush vigorously on no-stick pots and pans and it does not scratch the surfaces at all.
I have Amazon Prime, so shipping on this item was free for me.).
This brush has a scraping surface on the head and has outlasted most that I've used.
It's my go to brush for almost everything now as it is soft enough for non-stick and tough enough for cast-iron.
We use this brush primarily to clean our cast iron skillet based on other reviews, and it does the job beautifully.
It would also be great as a dish brush.
I love that this is dishwasher safe, is OXO quality, has a good grip, and the bristles are stiff but not too stiff.
which I like but the bristles do not go far enough around the brush too make cleaning glasses, etc.
I do, however, use this brush on occasion for cleaning other items.
Got this over 2 years ago and it still looks and functions like it did the day I received it.
It can tackle any mess or grime I throw at it.
Strong bristles that do not seem to ever wear out, which is the problem I have with every other type of brush I've ever used.
The fact that I'm even taking the time to write a review about a kitchen brush should speak volumes.
Bought this to use on a cast iron pan.
Works great to cleaning the cast iron pan with just warm water.
The bristles are stiff but not so much that you think it is digging into your dishes.
All oxo products are great and I love them.
I use this for the mason jars and deep cups I have.
Don't expect to use it for the really tough stuff on your pans - for that, you use a toothbrush or something with wires.
Which is to say, sturdy, well-designed, and easy to use.
The bristles are holding up great, the angle is good, and it cleans up dishes like nobody's business.
I kind of wish I'd gone for the kind with the soap reservoir, but that's my fault, not the tool's.
I had just remodeled my kitchen and got a brand new black apron style kitchen sink.
I thought I was splurging to by an "expensive" kitchen brush, but good grief, this thing is still in pristine condition.
There has been no problem with bristle breakage, smell, mold, handle wear, etc.
I never imagined it would hold up like it has.
Save yourself the aggravation of replacing a brush constantly and go with the quality.
I mainly use this for prewashing dishes before they go in the dishwasher, but also can use it on pots and pans.
I've not needed to buy an extra one for any other purpose.
I do agree that the bristles are widely spaced, but this has not interfered with my daily use of it.
This is a good solid brush, I use it for everything.
Great for washing potatoes or washing glasses and bottles.
No problems with anything coming apart, easy to clean.Very happy with purchase.
OXO Good Grips Kitchen Brush arrived in good condition.
Larger grippy handle is great, brush cleans items well.
Only drawback is that the bristles flattened on the most used area within 4 or 5 months.
This dish brush works great for cleaning my dishes.
The bristles are soft as well as flexible.
I use this brush daily for dishes, pots, and even the sink.
The bristles are firm enough to clean tough foods yet flexible enough not to bend or get mashed if a little more pressure is used.
I go through several kitchen brushes a year and this one seems to be holding up better than previous ones.
But you ca get what you pay for.
If everyone used these, the world would be  a better place.
Gets most messes off of my cast iron pans.
Sometimes takes a little bit of effort, but it eventually gets everything off.
I've been happy with most OXO products I've purchased.
I have tossed my sponges and use Oxo good grip brushes for household cleaning jobs.
I have only had this brush a few days, but find myself using it constantly.
The brush can be put in the dishwasher, or easily cleaned by hand and soaked in a chlorox solution for a few minutes.
This brush cuts my cleaning time in the kitchen by several minutes per task.
It is definitely a good value for the price.
I have always felt that OXO is hit and miss with quality.
I have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good.
It has a strong handle and I suspect it will last more than 6 months.
At the same time, I'll probably replace it before then for cleanliness purposes, since the head isn't replaceable.
Good for general cleaning of dishes, etc, but not for the true elbow grease stuff.
All dish brushes I have used in the past have not worked very well and got gunky.
I bought this to clean my cast iron pans.
I'd about given up on finding a dish brush that kept its shape longer than 3 sinksful of dishes.
This is the one!  I've been using it for 3 months.
It is narrow enough to go into most glassware and tough enough to scrub out grits from a saucepan.
When it finally does go, I'll buy another.Right now, the price is much better than the over $7 I paid but I'd pay it again.
Most supermarket brushes &#34;die&#34; (bristles go flat) in no time.
I've tried so many different styles in my 50 years in a kitchen.
I had come to dislike them so much I went years without ever using one.
About 6 months ago I started wanting one again so I checked out Amazon.
The OXO Good Grips Dish Brush seemed well received by Amazon members and the price was right.
I was going to try one last dish brush.
I can even scrub the bottom of a milk glass and get all the crevices.
Just the right amount of downward pressure spreads the bristles perfectly to clean the whole bottom surface.
They help remove food from dishes well and still hold up with regular use.
If I wash dishes by hand I use a scrubber sponge and castile soap.My brush looks just like it did when I first purchased it.
I wash it every few days with Dr.
Bronner's Peppermint Liquid Castile Soap, rinse well, soak in a water vinegar solution for at least an hour, rinse and hang up to dry.
I'm not a bit concerned about bacteria because it dries very quickly and it's so easy to keep clean.
The comfortable rubberized handle has a nice grip too.
I'm always going to keep a spare on hand.
This is a joy to use...so glad..as OXO never fails on things too.It does its job sp easily...try it!Service great too...thanks~~.
Bought this just to get the 25 dollar free shipping, and am back for another.
This is by far the best dish and mug brush I have ever had (mind you I am not really a kitchen-y type).
I love these Kitchen Sink Brushes, I have also purchased Several of these Brushes as well.
I might go out and purchase a few more from the Amazon's{ Amazon.com }.
There's a plastic scraper built into the front tip of this brush, which doubles the usefullness.
But this is a really good kitchen brush.
Today, I picked it up to go at a pan that had rice stuck to the bottom.
Was thinking I would need to scrape with something metal.
This thing took out most of it.The other part that's amazing is it doesn't get all gunked up or worn down.Huge success here, OXO.
I wanted a new dish brush that wouldn't fall apart after some use.
This brush is well made with the known OXO Good Grips handle.
I like to use it and then thrown it in the dish washer (top rack) to keep it nice an clean for the next use.
I have been using this brush every day and it looks and wears very well.
I have a love-hate relationship with Oxo's detergent-dispensing kitchen brushes.
I've had three of them in the past six years, and they've often been more trouble than I would like.
Detergent oozes out at inconvenient times, the brush heads break down, they're a nuisance to fill up, and the grip is not optimal.
The Oxo Good Grips bottle washer, on the other hand, has become one of life's guilty pleasures.
I needed something that could apply more pressure than the bottle washer.
As for the detergent, I prefer keeping it in the bottle anyway until I actually need  it--not in the brush.
There are fewer goopy messes in my kitchen sink that way.This brush is currently underrated by Amazon's buyers.
I expect that it will soon be discovered and will then vault to the top of the bestseller list.
Oxo Good Grips Dish Brush is one that will last for a long time.
It does a good job of general cleaning of the dishes without any effort.
Wish the head had a tough scrub brush, but I suppose the flat plastic scraper thingy works as well.
What's not to love about Oxo products? These brushes are dishwasher safe and they are very very handy.
I bought this to replace my previous five year old OXO brush.
I really didn't need a new one but I figured my new kitchen needed a new brush.
i always keep these kinds of brushes around.
they come in hand for just about anything that needs a good scrubbing.
So glad I read the other good reviews of this brush and bought it - it's a great dish brush.
It gets my plates and silverware nice & clean.
It also does an amazing job on those little storage containers lids where the manufacturer stamps words.
Before, I could never really get into those crevices.
The size of the brush and the spacing of the bristles is just great.
I bought this a few months ago and it's holding great, too.
Who ever thought I'd be a fan of a dish brush? But here I am!  :)  Highly recommended.
I purchased this brush for the sole purpose of cleaning out my cast iron pans.
The last brush I used was from the dollar store and didn't last very long.
I like that this brush has the tips that branch out at the top, making it easier to clean around the rim of the pans.
from there the brush gets all of the tough stuff out.
Then I sent the pan back on the stove for a couple of minutes under heat so the condensation evaporates.
then I spray with oil and let cool so I can store it.
Overall this is a very nice brush for the price.
I think it will last loner than the last based on it's construction.
This is wonderful for scrubbing those veggies we all love to eat.
It is easy to rinse and even goes through the dishwasher great if you need a little more wash.
Good stiff bristles scrape tough dried/burnt on food without damaging pots or dishes.
Long handle gets into coffee pots, vases, etc.
Also, I like to get all the greasy stuff out of an empty tin can before putting it in the recycling so it smell.
This kind of brush is great for that.
But it is just as effective to wash a plate or shallow bowl.
I even like it for mixing bowls because the rounded end gets into the curve where the side of the bowl transitions to the bottom.
I've had a lot of brands of this sort of brush over the years and they're getting harder and harder to find.
It's also great for washing out my nonstick T-Fal pan without damaging it -- I never put that pan in the dishwasher.
I think this dishwashing brush is the best one I've ever had.
(For a standard pan without a nonstick finish, if there's something really stubborn burnt onto it, no nylon-bristled dishwashing brush is adequate.
After a month it has held up very nice.
It is a very good shape for getting all types & sizes of dishes, pot, pans clean.
Pricey for a dish brush, but I would buy again because of its performance.
Hand washing dishes can be a pain, and I generally use a sponge to wash mine.
The problem with that is sponges tend to get kind of gross if you tackle the wrong substances with them.
We like this so much after several years use we wanted to have two of them and bought another.
It is perfect for smaller hands and very ergonomic.
We use them both pretty much every day.
It was time for a new paring knife.
This is the one for paring apples and most fruit.
It feels like an extension of my hand when paring.
The other paring knives clean wax out of candles now.
The professional series works for me.Immediate update, I meant to post this under the 3-1/2 'professional' paring knife.
It's the same price and has a much better blade.
I have owned this one and it's great for sliced a sliver of cheese out of the frig for a midnight snack.
Check out the professional one, it's only $6.99.
The 4" one is $14.99...that one I would have to think about.OXO Good Grips Professional 3-1/2-Inch Paring Knife.
I suddenly had a need for more paring knives so I decided to buy four various models on Amazon to try them out.
They are extremely sharp and the rubberized grip is very comfortable.
I wash it in a dishwasher all the time as well.
I have a fairly big variety of the good grips knives and they are all really good.
I just picked up 4 diff ones for my mom for her bday and she loved them also.
I use it to slice lemons and limes for cocktails, chopping garlic, slicing radishes, strawberries and other small fruits.
I also use it as a cheese knife as well.
As expected the knife is great; I picked up two more, the rubbery grip is great and the knife has stayed super sharp.
I like ALL the Oxo knives and utensils very much.
This paring knife, though, doesn't seem to hold an edge as well as the other Oxo knives.
I have to sharpen it before each use.
Of course, I probably use it more often than the other knives.
The &#34;fat&#34; handle really helps (I have arthritis in my fingers), but I wish the blade were smaller -- more narrow and shorter.
It is so easy to hold, particularly if you have any arthritic or other problems.
This is my second one: the last one was accidently damaged by someone who used it to pry something and bent it.
It is small and comfortable size to spread a butter.
I use it for butter and cut some fruits and vegetables.
Handle is very soft for me, because of my carpel tunnel problem.
Therefore, I figured it's time to get a real bread knife.
I bought this OXO since I have lots of their others products that I like, and the reviews were good.
I'm happy to say, that it's as great as everyone says.The knife cuts through bread loaves smoothly and cleanly.
I've washed it by hand and in the dishwasher and have never had any issues.
It feels good in the hand and balances nicely.All in all.
I cut the bread and realized I had also cut right through the towel!  Watch your fingers and the kids with this knife.
I bought this to replace one of those old, very thin serrated knives that comes with a set.
I'll bet that one is from the 1960s - it was just too thin, too flexible and had become dull.
Nothing cuts tomatoes like a sharp serrated knife.
I don't have a complete knife set and was tired of ruining loaves of bread with my dull chefs knife and other basic kitchen knives.
In all honesty the main reason I purchased this particular knife was that it was the cheapest.
Having good luck with other Oxo products previously purchased, I wasn't to hesitant to purchase yet another.
It has a sharp serrated blade and a comfortable handle that have easily handled all of my bakery cutting duties (bread and bagels mostly).
This knife is also nice for heavy skinned fruits, easing through pineapples and cantaloupes.
It has also stood up to the dishwasher rather well.
You will not be sad with this knife and will be happy with the outcome of every cut you make.
I recently bought a bread machine, and just purchased this knife.
It is exactly as described and definitely a value purchase.Would recommend.
I had bought the Aero knife and found it to be so dull and lightweight that it was downright dangerous.
It's nice to have a sharp bread knife again after so many years.
I really don't know what an excellent bread knife should do, but I imagine it should be something like this one.
This OXO knife does the trick nicely, cleanly cutting bread, tomatoes, and melons without squashing them.
Have used it to cut more than bread and did a fine job.
Not of the highest  quality but very good knife at a good price.
I tried to sharpen my serrated bread knife and ruined it.
I didn't pay attention to the delivery fee though.
I could have picked this up at Walmart or Target for a lot less.
Love this knife, makes slicing my homemade bread so much easier.
I make my wheat bread for health reasons and had a hard time slicing it with my knives.
Using this knife is like night and day, so much easier.
Inexpensive knife but has performed well for me so far.
I haven't used extensively yet and therefor it has not been through the dishwasher very many times.
I know there are more expensive knives available.
They even have pedigrees but for bread this works great pound cake too.
It's rubbery and non-slip, but I prefer smooth hard handles.
If you want a rubbery handle, this knife will work fine for you.I got a knife at WalMart one time.
Love it! It's a serrated knife, so there's not really a whole lot to say about it.
It cuts things that you'd want to cut with a serrated knife like a dream.
It's a very nice length and has a comfortable and well sized handle.
My mother tried it at our house once and said she had to have one and ordered one for herself the next day.
This knife is comfortable and does the job.
Cuts crunchy crusts and soft crusts similarly: like butter.
We got this knife after receiving a breadmaker as a gift.
A sharp bread knife is a must for cutting fresh bread without reducing it to crumbs, and this knife does just that.
It has the nice "good Grips" handle and is a good length.
It is nice and sharp and for the price, I'll probably just replace it if it gets too dull.
It is not the fanciest knife I own, but it does the intended job nicely and at a great price.
After using my previous bread knife to saw apart those cylinder wafers that connect desk pieces together (don't ask) I needed a new knife.
This one is definitely better than that one, and works great!.
My old knife was not so handy, so bought this one.
It cut smoothly leaving very little crust around.
It is a little long for what I need though.
I recommend this seller and you won't regret having a knife like this...it is wonderful.
Knife is sharp, handle is thick and rubbery, which is good because it's non-slip and is easy to grasp.
However, would be better if it came with a sheath.
Nice, thick, easy grip handle, cuts through fresh bread well, and butter-saturated toast too.
Yes, it cuts bread, it has a serrated blade, it works as it was advertised on the site, what more is there to say.
This breadknife didn't cost much and is nice and sharp with a good heft to the hand; not too lightweight.
Cuts bread, sandwiches - perfect for the price.
Great working knife, holds up to MUCH use and dishwasher - so pain free and comfortable for my arthritic fingers - LOVE OXO!!!!.
Really enjoy having this knife around; it's very sharp and has a great, comfortable handle.
I've only had it for a few weeks, so I don't know about durability, but so far so good.
Cutting bread without a bread knife is futile exercise.
This bread knife works well and is very inexpensive.
I thought I had to get a longer knife, but then I figured I can stand the bread up so that it is much narrower.
This knife cut through my crusty bread like it was butter.
Haven't had such a good bread knife in years, I'm getting another so I can cut something else without having to wash it.
We have owned a couple of bread knives.
All were serrated knives, but not all cut bread well.
The OXO (and we love that brand!) is a favorite.
It cuts soft bread, hard bread, bagels, etc.
Like with all good bread knives, you have to let the knife do the cutting and not push down.
I have had some cheaper bread knifes and I have used general knifes for bread, but this knife is really great.
This knife is sharper than some of my chefs' knives and slices bread perfectly without tearing.
This knife cuts my bread without squishing it and is dishwasher safe.
It is just what I wanted and needed!.
OXO products are universally well-made and, more importantly, well thought out.
Their design is always attractive, pleasing and well suited to actually using it.
It's a great purchase at a wonderful price.
I have used before OXO products and based on that I purchased this knife.
The best part is the rubberized handle in addition it is really sharp.
I never thought about needing a single purpose bread knife, until a bought a bread machine.
I even use it to slice tomatoes when making a sandwich.
Did not realize you really need a serrated edge to cut bread.
It's a mess otherwise trying to use a regular kitchen knife, (ok, so I'm new to cooking).
My old Sabbatier finally wore out after 20 years, and this seems an adequate (and far less expensive) replacement.
The handle is very easy to grip, as the name implies, which will make hacking through como loaves somewhat easier.
I have recently started making all my own bread and love it.
BUT - I hated cutting it!  I could never get it even and always smushed it.
I started using an electric knife and that worked better but I hate pulling it out every time I need to slice bread.
So, after some researching, I decided I needed a &#34;bread&#34; knife.
I looked at several and decided on this one due to price.
I didn't want to spend much and then it not work.
WOW!  I have used it almost every day since it arrived.
It cuts bread perfectly - straight and doesn't smush it!  I love this knife and now I don't hate cutting bread :).
It's a fantastic price for what you're getting.
Before, I had to freeze the bread and cut it frozen with a chef's knife to achieve smooth pieces.
This is a great bread knife that slices with ease.
Very effective blade that cuts bread like it was butter.
This is a very sharp knife, so much so that I cut myself on the first use.
THis is a great knife that arrives quite dull.
After correct sharpening, however, it became one of my favorites.
It is easy to hold and the balance is good.
a great buy overall, but it does dull easily.
If you hate the rusting and/or discoloration of expensive high carbon steel knives, this is the knife for you.
I find myself using it even when I could use a smaller knife.
Use a stone to keep the edge on it after every use.
Woohoo!  I cut something with this knife!  It's awesome!  It's changed my life!Ok, seriously, it's a knife.
It has a *nice* handle, doesn't get slippery when it gets wet.
(Ever try to cut a cake with an X-Acto saw?  I did.
Good!)For a first kitchen it's a great choice...and it may just be the last chef's knife you ever need to buy.
It doesn't cost $$ but that's a good thing.
(including a few by Wustoff Trident) I'm not much of a cook, but WHEN I cook, I want it to be painless and hassel free.
Great for kids in the kitchen learning to cook too.
Spend $30.00 for the 3 and make your life a whole lot easier!.
This knife solve the knife handle problem  wonderfully.
It also should give you no problem with sharpness if you have  a knife sharpener.
If you need a decent  Chef knife and are willing to sharpen it occasionally, this is a good buy.
(You have to sharpen ANY knife eventually.)I am a  quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 if you care) and I love this knife.
Not for  its mediocre blade, but for its handle.
I have 1/3 use of my hands and 1/2  use of my arms, but I have no problem using the grippy handle on this  knife.
I must say, for the very reasonable price of this knife, she's a beaut.
GREAT handle...solid and comfortable to chop on and on.
Nothing to dance in the streets about, but certainly a nice knife for a VERY nice price!.
This is the perfect instrument for making peanut butter and jelly.
It's not really sharp, so it's great for my kids.
And it's long enough that it reaches to the bottom of the jar.
I bought this for my husband, who loves peanut butter.
It is wide enough to get the product out of the jar and onto the bread, waffle or whatever.
I got one of these with an Oxo bagel holder, and frankly I don't use it all that often.
They tell me this is MUCH easier to make PB&amp;J sandwiches with.
They use it for jelly on toast, making sandwiches, putting cream cheese or butter on a bagel, etc.
If you're an adult accustomed to just grabbing the nearest table knife, I  wouldn't bother.
But if  you've got kids, you  might want to consider it.
It can be used in every detail of making a sandwich from slicing the tomatoes to spreading toppings on the bread.
It is excellent for cutting and serving cakes and pies!!.
Nice spreader for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
It's a spreader and a knife all in one.
This is the best tool for spreading sandwich filling on bread.
Best part about this spreader is its grip! Comfortable to use and easy to clean.
use this OXO good grips spreader all the time; love that it has one side that cuts through sandwiches; handle is great.
I've never met an Oxo kitchen gadget I didn't like!  They're the best.
I have three of these spreaders, plus a whole host of other small items.
Wish I could buy every single thing Oxo makes!  Quality products.
Was just what I was looking for! The price was good.
I use these for spreading butter, mayo, peanut butter etc.
I bought a sandwich knife years ago, and loved it so much that I wanted another one.
I LOVE this spreader - I bought one to try it out, despite some negative reviews.
I thought, it's only $5, I'll try it.I haven't had any of the problems that others have stated.
I don't take it apart for cleaning, and I haven't seen any rust spots.
Very useful for peanut butter, cheese spreads, cream cheese, etc.
I like it so much, I'm ordering more.
It is the perfect replacement for the one I had that disappeared.
It has decreased my sandwich making time significantly.
I am not in the food servers business, but this sure head a kitchen knife any day of the week.
I have had this spreader for several years now.
I really like it, but you have to take REALLY good care of it, or buy a new one every year or so.
Also, the grip at the bottom became unglued shortly after using it.
Then I let it set a few hours more, and put the item back together again.
If this sounds like too much hassle for you, then you might look elsewhere.
It's a good product, but I could do without the sirated edge.
I want it for spreading butter, peanut butter, or whatever.
The serated edge cuts into the side of plastic bottles and is irritating.
I have a few spreaders, but this one is nearly perfect.
It's longer than other, so it can reach the bottom of the peanut butter jar, and its serrated edge easily handles sandwiches.
Slip-proof and comfortable handle (an OXO feature on many products).
This is not a kitchen essential, but I love it.
I only bought it to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promotion, and as it turns out, I use it almost everyday.
I have had it for over a year, and it still looks like new.
I rarely use the dishwasher, so I wash mine by hand.
I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers.
It is great for carrots, potatoes, chocolate for fondue, etc.
This knife is great to use on just about anything.
Whether it's slicing an apple or cutting a sandwich in half.
It was worth paying for both to give him what he really wanted.
The knife is good quality and the wide handle is nice so your hands don't get tired cutting veggies, etc.
My wife and I recommend them so highly, we even buy them for newlyweds as a housewarming gift.
They are one of the favorite pieces in our well stocked kitchen, and that's saying a lot!.
[Not recommended!!] The peeler is fine, better than the old ratty one I'd had for years, and never enjoyed using.
Now I admit I don't use it all that much, so perhaps a swivel-peeler expert would find it less satisfactory, I don't know.
For my needs, it's more than adequate.I do like the knife.
In fact, I recently replaced a set for one who lost hers during a move.
Give it a try, especially if gripping a knife for long periods is starting to bother you.
Great control and the blade is sharp as can be, making a carrot easy work.
The paring knife is sharper than my brand new Victorinox 8-inch knife.
Cuts through carrots and onions easily and with the barest effort.The handles are typically Oxo:  large, comfortable, and steady.
Until you try these, you won't realize how poorly most kitchen implements are designed.
I bought there not long after I bought my Oxo can opener, and I'm slowly buying all their tools.
Unlike most peelers, it doesn't cut into your palm or slip, and it seems to  just glide over cucumbers.
This knife blade is large enough to do most paring, chopping, and slicing tasks for an ordinary meal, and the peeler works well, too.
I've found that people with arthritis are delighted to discover this excellent OXO set.
I bought this set when I first moved into my apartment, as I've been a fan of the Good Grips products for a while now.
The knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle.
This OXO item is rock solid! Worth the money, and definitly does tenderize meat.
The spiky end pokes holes in the meat nicely and the flat end flattens out thick chicken breasts in no time flat.
It's fun to use (or at least I think so!) and it doesn't require a huge amount of strength.
The grip is comfortable and doesn't lend itself to flying out of your hands.
This is my 2nd OXO Good Grips Meat Tenderizer.
I loved my first one, but hubby put it in the dishwasher and the finish was totally corroded looking when it came out.
It got on everything it touched!  So, HAND WASH ONLY.
Solid, nice soft rubber grip and looks nice along with my other Oxo kitchen utensils.
Tenderizer part is heavy which makes it ideal.
I have not used a meat tenderizer since I lived with my parents over 36 years ago.
I needed one for a couple of new recipes and I found this one through Amazon.
It does what it is supposed to do.
It is very well made and should last a lifetime.
This is just what I was looking for.
It is great because of the non-slip handle, dimpled on one side and flat on the other.
Perfect for whatever your needs in the kitchen.
Good quality and doing a great job! High recommend it.
The grip is very easy on the hand.
I also use it to mince garlics, too.
It is built extremely well, and works great.
Smooth side is GREAT for roulade, or any  other flattening needs, The spiked side works great for cube steak, etc.
Shorter than I expected, but gives great control, and easy to use.
Handle is comfortable, as with all the good grips line.
This works great and is very sturdy and decent quality.
Its the perfect size and just over all works great!.
This is yet another sturdy, ergonomic kitchen tool that does what it says.
I will be back for more OXO Good Grips items.
I love this tenderizer!  My daughter loves steak and this is perfect for tenderizing before grilling!  Very sturdy and easy to clean afterwards!.
This was given as part of a wedding gift set.
I have not heard pro nor con about this item from the receiving couple.
NOT with this one, and it's heavy enough to pound what I need, but not too heavy that it's hard to hold onto.
Great for Chicken Parmesan or making that steak marinade penetrate all the way through.
I used this on the dead chic key and flatten it like a pancake.
Also tried it on the wife and kids and works on them too.
Ordered it on Monday, and received it on Tuesday.
Used it to tenderize chickenthighs and it worked great.
Unlike some reviews it did have a do not put in dishwashersticker on it.
Feels good in hand, love the rubber grip.
It feels great in the hand and is nicely weighted.
I am yet another fan of OXO Good Grips products.
This is a good tenderizer, but DONT put it in the dishwasher.
It is NOT dishwasher safe :( which is unfortunate.
I bought this because I split the older wood meat tenderizer I had used for years.
Better weight and balance and more even tenderizing.
I also use this to flatten meats before grilling so they cook evenly.
The dishwasher is a staple in my everyday life.
I clean everything with it...and its a bummer I cant put the tenderizer in it too.
Its a meat tenderizer...what can I say about it in at least seventeen words?  It looks nice, flattens the meat....and I'm done!.
This is a well-designed, substantial tool for the kitchen.
I gave it to one of my daughter's and now I am going to buy one for myself.
Bought this one for my son, the BBQ King, when he raved about mine!.
The weight of the material makes it much better than the wood ones.
Recently I was in the market for a new meat tenderizer.
I'm a down home country girl, and I like to prepare my meat properly prior to devouring.
This not only tenderizes the meat but terrorizes it in to submission.
Note: This works esspecially well on meat from a KOSHER deli.
The OXO Good Grips Meat Tenderizer lives up to its name, don't be fooled by naysayers.
Further note: do not make the mistake of utilizing this equipment as a sexual aid, as despite it's name it does NOT cure Erectile Dysfunction.
My husband and I had to learn this the hard way!Bon Appetit!.
This was my first tenderizer and I think it is great.
I've used it 15 times or so now and it is easy to use and clean.
The entire unit feels like it is top quality and the handle is comfortable to use.
I'm sure it will be around for years to come.
the handle is comfortable and I am able to flatten what i need quickly.
It really does make a difference when you cook your meat.
This one I got from azamon is all I would expect, massive aluminum with a good handle, just perfect.
I use this daily! Clean up is quick and easy.
I like it becase its light weight and I have trouble with mywrist and I can use this with ease yes id recommend.
good tenderizer, seems to have the right weight and bounce for the home cook, not to big easy to store.
OXO products show the thought that goes into them.
Improvement on tools to make good meals is really a technological improvement and OXO has been reinventing the basic tools with incredible success.
My wife and I both use it with no problems.
We hand wash it like many other things, so the dishwasher is irrelevant.
should last for years, at least we hope so.
OXO products are always great quality - - - a good addition to any kitchen.
I got this for my daughter, who loves the weight and the balance.
Easy to hold and use, could be a little heavier, but works fine.
Used it on some chicken breasts and they came out well.
This meat hammer arrived quickly and is of great quality.
The handle is rubberized for an easy grip and the hammer has two heads for different applications.
The handle is firm but soft and so easy to use.
The metal it is made from works perfectly and does a great job.
I bought one for myself and our 6 children.
This  works great and is  an excellent purchase for the price.
I used this for several years, and it is fine for what it is.
I've had just a few weeks but have used already a couple of times and it works great.
This is great!  Pounds even the toughest steaks down and breaks the fibers of the meat, so that is becomes a lot more chewable.
So I just wash it out by hand and use it for next time!.
As I have said in other reviews, I love the uality, heft and grip of OXO products.
The grip is exactly what my arthritic hand needed.
Using this masher made things a lot easier than trying to mash with a utensil that is not made for this specific purpose.
Not essential, but makes life a lot easier and cooking a lot more enjoyable!.
It does leave them fairly lumpy unless you're a mashing master.
Simple sturdy product that does what its supposed to.
I decided to finally retire my old homemade hand-welded masher made by an old family member.
It was too short for average amounts of mashed root veggies.
I had decided to match my new melon baller also from OXO.
My OXO purchases have all been great replacements for all my antiquated kitchen tools.
Nothing like working more ergonomically and efficiently as we get older.
Great sturdy design!! The handle is well made, soft on the hands, good non-slip grip but yet durable.
The heavy duty stainless steel designed wire mesh does every job perfect.Charms.
This is a perfect size for mashing potatoes in my deep ancient bowl.
The handle is long enough to keep my hands out of the mash, and short enough to concentrate the force.
The wiggles easily cut through the potatoes, but are close enough to each other that I can move them around as with a spoon.
That's why I bought this masher from OXO.This one is a solid, heavy-gauge steel wire that goes all the way up into the sturdy handle.
I am so happy to have this larger, wider handle grip on this potato masher.
Our old masher had a thin handle and was tiring to use.
The wider grip makes mashing potatoes easy to do without any strain.
Sturdy metal potato smasher, which gets used by us for everything but mashing potatoes.
Also, we have tried it with plastic potato mashers and it does not work as well.
I use this product  to mash my black beans, onions, & green chilis.
It takes a little strength to use & a little time, but I have no complaints.
It is a well made piece & is easy to clean when I hand wash it.
I use this occasionally, & it has been durable so far.
Has a good feel with the handle which feels good in my hand.
I have used this masher maybe 20 times and it has held up just fine and shown no wear.
It has a comfortable grip that is easy to hold.
The design works well for easily mashing potatoes.
The entire item is easy to clean and is a good value as the price is relatively low.
I also like the design .It is made gadgets were made years ago.
I am in love with this brand!  OXO Good Grips is just great kitchen products.
This masher is the reason my arthritic self can make mashed potatoes without pain, LOL!.
I had a flimsy potato masher with a terrible handle I could hardly wait to get rid of.
This one is easy and comfortable to use,very sturdy and  does exactly what is supposed to do.
I had been using a hand-held beater to mash potatoes.
Mashes quickly and don't have to go through all the hassle assembling and then taking apart the hand-held beater.
For my husbands and I's first Christmas I asked for a potato masher.
He got this exact one and I can say that I've used it once a week for 10 years and its still perfect.
The handle is just fine and it never rusted or anything.
I love all the Oxo products, they really do last years and years.
Old fashioned masher is just what I wanted and this works great.
Substantial too, not flimsy.Great for anyone and anything; potatoes, gravy, even dough.
I have always used my electric mixer for mashed potatoes.
I saw this in the store and thought I would try it out.
easy to use and best of all I don't have to mess with my mixer.
Better quality than the similar style one that this replaced; since it's OXO, expect it to last for awhile.
I love this product because it's not big, and it is sturdy.
It does its job in mashing pretty much anything you want.
It mashes potatoes as well we anything else that can be masked like turnips, carrots, egg plant, etc.
I needed something to mash fruits and vegtables with out bringing out the big guns.
I had purchaced one of those plastic round mashers with a grid.
The holes were too small, they were always plugging up.This works great, has substance and gets the job done easily.
Sometimes the simplest kitchen tools make things easier than electronic ones.
I'm sure this potato masher will last forever.
This is a great, old-fashioned style of potato masher, which produces the type of mashed potatoes I remember from my childhood.
What it has, though, that ones from many years ago did not is the OXO ergonometric design, with a comfortable handle.
I love OXO Good Grips, and own a ton of their products.
This one is solid, durable, and awesome, except it is more difficult than my previous masher to get the edges of my pot.
My previous masher has a circular head, which works well for curved pots, but this one is straight and just takes a bit more effort.
It really isn't a problem for me, and I still use it, but it's certainly a flaw.
I purchased this masher today and wasnt surprised at the quality.
I have long known that oxo good grips makes the best product.
The masher is another example of the company's wonderful quality.
The handle is rubber and is easy on the hands yet durable.
The potatoes don't get stuck in it when you mash them like they did in my criss cross one.
I purchased Several OXO Good Grips including a Lemon/Lime Reamer, Cheese Plane, Wire Potato Masher and Box Grader.
They were all reasonably priced and are made of good quality material.
The potato masher is the best that I have ever used and I use it for everything.
I like to mix bell pepper and onions in ground beef instead of using a large spoon.
Add a can of black olives in the mix and mash them up also.
The handle has a nice grip and is nice and soft.
I considered this brand because I have the wire whisks and other products by OXO.
This replaced my old masher of 20+ years, love the OXO grip.
You can't go wrong with an old standard, it worked great for breaking up potatoes.
It works just like it should, good rubber handle.
Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years.
I have used mine for a long time and this one was for my grandaughter.
What can you say it is built solid and does its job.
my fruit into jam and works great highly recommend.
This "potato masher" is perfect if you like "smashed" potatoes rather than mashed, and you like to leave the skin on your potatoes.
I had the kind with the flat head and holes and it works fine for peeled potatoes.
If I left the peels on, they got stuck in the holes and I kept having to clean them out.
You also end up with smooth potatoes rather than lumpy like I prefer.
So I purchased this "masher" and couldn't be happier.
It makes perfect "smashed" potatoes and any other root vegetables.
It works so much better (and faster) than a wooden spoon.
Just be careful if you are using a non-stick pan not to scrape the bottom of the pan.
Another good use for this masher is to break up whole tomatoes from a can.
I made the pefect lumpy potatoes with this.
I have a ricer, but I wanted the mashed potatoes from my childhood.
I went out and bought this specifically for the task.
The handle felt fine, better than what my mother used to have.
I remember hers having more mashing surface, but that may be because I was young.
The &#34;wire&#34; portion is solid, sturdy and will never bend.
The handle is long, has an adequate circumference and is padded, making it easy to grip and at the same time, comfortable.
To top it all off, the end of the handle has extra padding on it so when you bear down it doesn't feel uncomfortable.
It is very much like the one my mother used when I was a kid.
It is also much cheaper to use than a hand mixer.
My wife loved it and uses it to make the best mashed potatoes ever!  Yeah, it is a tool that is comfortable and works nicely.
I've not found an OXO product I dislike yet.
This one replaces my decades old masher, which had a too-small handle that hurt my hand when used.
This baby comes in handy with mashing vegetables and other ingredients, as well.
It's become one of my favorite kitchen tools.
I am partial to a lot of the OXO kitchen implements.
I have used this offer several times, and it makes it well worthwhile to order four items and get the least expensive free.
This design has been around for a while and it does its job.
We tried the newer designs for a potato masher and returned to this classic.
It's cheap and you can make it all different ways.
This bad boy makes things a lot easier.
This product is like a form of black magic.
My wife started with a bowl full of boiled potatoes, some milk and this wizards instrument.
Before long, the sorcery of this product yielded mashed potatoes.
Unlike anything I have ever seen.That was more fun to write than &#34;Comfortable handle, mashes potatoes well&#34;.
OXO does have a pretty good record of making good, solid and useful kitchen utensils.
It's a bit shorter than some mashers, but seems extra solid with a good, easy-to-grip handle.
potatoes, winter squash and sweet potatoes have no chance.
But really, if you want perfectly lump-free mashed potatoes, you should be using a ricer, not a masher.
My ancient wire potato masher finally gave up the ghost, after forty or more years of frequent use and passes through the dish washer.
I am very happy with the OXO Good Grips Wire Potato Masher.
It is far superior to the two plastic mashers I bought while trying to replace the old wire style.
I recommend this product highly, and without reservation.
What can you say about a potato masher...It mashes....I bought this one because its a Oxo.
If you use a cheese plane or have plans to use one, this is a good one.
A vegetable peeler is better for making parmesan curls.As usual it has OXO's ergonomic, grippy handle.
I like using this utensil for making cheese slices for an appetizer tray.
It is very sharp and the cheese does not stick to it.
II have bought several items from OXO recently and love them all.
it is simple, cheap and does the job, not the perfect thing you can get of course.
I want to own all of them! LOL! It works great and looks nice.
I like that you can wash it in the dishwasher without worrying it will rust or break over the long run.
Good solid product for a very reasonable price.
Bought this to replace a similar one I'd had for many many years.
I really liked the old one, but had repaired the handle many times & it was now beyond repair.
Just a nice, wafer thin piece of cheese that does not stick to the plane when you try to take it off.
I even use it on blocks of chocolate, to make fast-melting slices when I bake.--Reviewed by M.
Got this as a gift for a foodie in my household.
Oxo kitchen tools (and toys) have great handles, and they're also generally good tools.
This is no exception, works nicely for making thin slices on hard or semisoft cheeses.
Good grip with good balance make this a must have for the cheese enthusiast.
I have used various types of cheese slicers over the years and have always found this type the easiest and most efficient.
The handle finally fell off my favorite cheese plane after years of use.
I've been on a search for a good replacement.
This plaine is very sharp and does a great job on the hard and softer cheeses.
This is a great, very easy to use kitchen basic.
It's very easy to hold and handle, and it slices every kind of cheese I've tried it on with no difficulty.
It was a little tricky to run through my Chef's Mate, but it's working a little better now.
I'm thinking I'll need to replace it in a year or so.
Still, it was used about once a week for about 4.5 years; if I get another year out of it, that's not too shabby!.
Cutting pizza requires a little extra force to cut the crust, so you don't want a flimsy tool.
This cutter &#34;musters up&#34;, and is both sturdy and easy to grip.
OXO makes great products at a great price.
I have read other reviews where people moan about how large it is.
I admit this might be a pain to sharpen if it was dull, but mine is sharp so no problems there.A great product.
I love the OXO products and this is no exception.
I am a HUGE pizza eater ladies and gentlemen.
Just the sight of one makes my feet weak.
Changed me into the pizza-obsessed feisty wolverine that I've embarrassingly become today.Oh and stay away.
This is *my* pizza!  That's right!  I don't share :)Alright I better write down something serious so amazon doesn't think I'm writing a prank review.
This really is a very good pizza cutter and works splendidly, and HAS been working splendidly for over 10 years now.
There's a reason this particular model is so popular.
I don't know what I expected but this pizza wheel is large! But it is also the best we've owned in the past 25 years.
High quality construction, great blade, and grate grip, and great price.
What else can I say.I would recommend it to anyone.
have to make sure the kids can't grab it so they don't hurt themselves, but have owned this for a few months and no issues.
This is a great size for cutting deep-dish pizza and the angled/off-set handled keeps you away from all that hot cheese.
It is nice and sharp and holds up will in the dishwasher.
This thing does it's job! It cuts a mean pizza.
I bought it as a gift but considered stealing it and giving my old one.
Sadly, I decided to be a good friend and let the good one go.
Probably going to buy another one for myself!.
Yeah, it's like the monster truck of pizza wheels, but it works very well.
It has great heft, nicely padded handle, and the wheel just makes slicing up a pizza effortless.
The blade rolls smoothly and it has enough height to cut through thick crusted sicilian style crusts with ease.
Have had this almost a year, and hands down it is the best pizza wheel I have ever used.
I have arthritis so things like this are usually difficult.
This has great grip, great balance (it looks like it should be off but it's not).
Super cutting edge - one pass cuts even thin crispy crusts - which my old cutter took several passes to accomplish.
Most pizza wheels that I've seen are much smaller.
I had to find a new storage space for it but totally worth it.
Boy am I glad I did! This cutter works sooo much better.
I don't know if it's sharper, or if it's because it has more heft, but it cuts right through those pizza crusts, like a charm.
I have also used it to cut pastry and dough and it works really well at that, too.
Definitely a great gadget every kitchen should have.
Yeah it cuts pizza, and makes a handy pinwheel when you are really bored and want to risk cutting yourself.
It cuts pizza very nicely and is a good size.
Sharper than my old one, larger, and definitely easy to use.
I like it and it's holding up well.
Chose this because of the brand and our generic pizza wheel had never been that good anyway.
This pizza wheel is so much bigger and nicer than the little $2 pizza cutter I had that I uploaded a picture for comparison.
First of all, it's huge and makes quick work of even your deepest deep dish pizza.
You hardly have to apply any force at all.
It has a very nice weight and quality feel to it.
It may be the last one you buy.
The actual wheel is very sturdy and does not wiggle.
Its heft and size means its very easy to cut through pizza.
The handle is very comfortable and can be held easy with an overhand or underhand grip.
I also use this tool to cut through other flat food items.
What more can I say about a pizza wheel?  Yes, very sharp and does the job very well.
Works much better than trying to cut a pizza with a knife and pull all the cheese from one side to the other.
works well very good quality made to last cuts right through the pizza with nice clean lines I recomend  it.
Our beloved pizza cutter finally broke after ten years of happily wedded bliss, and so I took to Amazon to find the most highly-reviewed replacement.
I landed on this one!  And then it came in the mail.
Great quality, expect it will last five times longer than our first (somewhat cheap) one did.
It looks like something you'd use in home defense.
I needed a high quality pizza cutter and this is it.
It's a good solid piece that seems like it'll last a long time.
It's big, heavy & sharp; goes through the thickest of deep dish and the thinnest of thin crust.
The handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole.
We have had this cutter for around 6 months now and I still love it.
I use it for pizzas as well as cutting dough and simple pastas.
It still works just as well as the first time we used it.
This is a replacement for the oxo pizza wheel we had thrown out by mistake.
I really like the cutting ability of this pizza wheel, and appreciate its size while I'm cutting things, but it is REALLY large.
Only real downsize here is that it is a pain to find space to store in the utensil drawer.
I frequently find it to be the culprit in the &#34;stuck kitchen drawer&#34; problem.
If you don't mind that issue, it really is a very sharp and easy to use pizza cutter.
It really is a professional kitchen tool, and it easily cuts an extra-large pizza with little effort.
Has done fine in the dishwasher.It is a bit wobbly during use, but, I'm cutting a pizza, not walking a tightrope.
when given the choice, i always buy oxo.
this pizza wheel is great, sharp, and cuts clean.
even if i didn't find it at $3.99, i would have bought it at bed, bath, and beyond for cheaper with their 20% off coupons.
amazon, if you want to stay competitive, price your items lower!.
Like other OXO Good Grips, the feel is great and the quality is rock solid.
This pizza wheel is of excellent quality for the money paid.
It has a big wheel and cuts through everything.
I love this pizza cutter! The grip is great and blade is awesome! This pizza cutter is very easy to clean.
A pizza cutter isn't something you think about all that often until you need one.
Not only does Pizza Hut never cut my pizzas all the way through, but frozen ones don't come with any slice cuts at all.
Missed a lot and created too many super narrow slices.
This little guy does it perfectly in one pass, so I'm a fool for having waited so long to buy one.
Huge!  Just like the pros use at the pizza restaurants.
Works like a charm, even on thick crusts.
This is my second pizza cutter in my entire life.
It is everything I thought it would be and more.
I love the grippy handle and the huge wheel.
I use it on my home made pizza.
Yes, I make the dough from scratch along with everything else.
I don't buy pizza from the store or from chains, so I don't know how it would work on other pizzas.
I think that if it was used on store-bought pizza it might be comparable to cutting through a cardboard box.
That is not what this item is designed to do.
Keep in mind that I also make whole wheat dough and like it extra crispy.
I like to make pizza with lots of veggie toppings, and it slices right through every time.
Whether or not you have to go back and forth seems to be dependent upon how crunchy you like the bottom of the crust.
A softer crust slices easily with one pass.
(Spray the cutter lightly with no-stick spray before using, and cheese, etc.
I just wish there was a bigger hand guard in front of the blade.
This item is a must for artisan pizza lovers.
I have on occaision used it to cut biscuit and cookie dough as well.
This pizza cutter is comfortable on the hands, and does its job of cutting pizza well.
You will not need second swipes, and the amount of pressure needed to cut the pizza is modest, a blessing for those with older hands.
It also does a fine job on Quesadillas, or so my son tells me.
It far surpasses using a knife to cut pizza.
Finally, it far surpasses the quality of the store-brand pizza cutter we previously used.
My old one just wasn't doing its job anymore.
I make my own pizzas and this slices nicely thru thick and thin crusts.
Purchased upon cooks illustrated's recommendation , have used it 4 times, so far so good.
This zester is easy to use and comes in handy.
Makes nice little shreds of citrus peel to use in recipes.
Nice lil zester!! I'm still learning how to use it quickly but it's been great so far and the handle is great!.
The lemon zester from OXO, like so many of their products, is a triumph of function and form.
The perfect lemon zester:  nothing more, nothing less.
The OXO "Good Grips" Lemon Zester has a very good grip indeed.
It has a fat handle that gives your hand good leverage when using the single tooth to get long fat strips of lemon zest.
This tool would also work with unripe papaya to shave into pickled preserves or other papaya recipes.
It's not the fastest zester, but it's a lot simpler to clean after using, compared to any larger screen-type grater.
Great little zester, as I expected from OXO.
I also wish the channel knife was a little sharper, but that's easily remedied with a metal needle file.
I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 for any of you who care).
But the  OXO only gives you the best of the lemon as it stainless steel blade cuts  sharply and cleanly.
The zester is quite durable and goes  through the dishwasher quite well too.
We love them, for zesting and peeling citrus fruits.
If you need a zester this is probably one of the best.
It even curls the lemon peel if you like to make fancy desserts or drinks.
This kitchen  tool does all that is expected of it and oxo never lets anyone down.
Love the sharp teeth on this.Fabulous for making limeade.
A simple tool that adds so much to a drink.
Purchased the OXO lemon zester and like other OXO products, very good.
Tried a couple of supermarket $2.00 ones and that's exactly what they were, $2.00 ones.
For a few bucks more get the OXO, it actually works well.
It's very comfortable to hold and extremely sturdy.
It's not meant to zest for cooking, though, especially if you need fine/small pieces.
I've been looking everywhere for this type of zester.
I was a little worried that the handle was going to be too big for my small hands because it is fat.
I have a much skinnier handled one already.
Well, it works like a charm, even better than the skinny handled one I have.
I normally use it to garnish a Sazerac.-3 oz rye whiskey-3/4 oz simple syrup-Peychaud bitters to taste-absinthe or absinthe substitute-Lemon twist for garnish.
I buy a lot of OXO good grips items, and I'm never disappointed.
Well made and easy to use, I always love them.
This is my first and I appreciate the price and quality.
It makes the job very easy and the size of the zest depends on how big your strokes are.
You can make them pretty small too.Other reviews make a good point emphasizing that it does miss some spots.
Before purchasing this nifty little zester, I would always leave the zest out of any recipe that called for it.
Whenever I tried to use a grater, the colored zest would stick inside the holes.
You run it lightly over the surface of the peel, and it makes ultra-thin strips of colored zest.
The tool is easy to control, and a snap to use.
I use mine to make non-bitter-tasting orange, lemon, and lime zests for homemade sorbets, ices, and ice creams.
this little tool enables you to add another, fresh dimension to yourcooking.
The bright, sharp tang of citrus peel is a wonder in dozensof dishes.
Those striped cukes that you see on salad trays are done this way.
You can also use the strips themselves as decorative additions to stir-fries, pasta dishes and soups.OXO is well known for their ergonomic grips.
I love how the orange rind comes of in spaghetti like strands.
I dry these in the dehydrator to produce a wonderful aroma throughout the house.
Works well as a zester and making twists for martinis.
But my daughter found a new purpose for it!  Scraping out the seed of pumpkins and winter squash, works like a dream.
Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use.
I know this zester is a simple little kitchen item to have and shouldn't much matter, but it does.
I know it sounds silly but if you use this item frequently it is worth the purchase.
Got it for my home bar set, looks like a quality product.
My whole life, I've always used a sort of grating tool made for zesting.
When I first heard about a zester, I was intrigued.
I promptly went out and bought one to remove lemon peel for Lemon Meringue Pie.
The zester has fine holes which are sharp and cut into the peel.
This results in fine strips of citrus peel which may then be chopped.
If you want to obtain small pieces without having to chop the zest, just pull the sharp edge across a small section at a time.
I start at the top of the citrus fruit and wind my way around to the base.
The white pith is very bitter.~The Rebecca ReviewP.S.
This zester lasted over 11 years! I'm having to buy a new one since the metal finally snapped off the handle.
I haven't found an OXO kitchen tool that I have yet to like or think is better than any other brand I've used.
I give this 5 stars for a reason.
I really like this zester, it feels good in my hand and it works well.
This is among the best of the OXO tools I've owned.
It has exceptional sharpness and is a pleasure to use.
Any serious cook who uses zest should strongly consider this tool.
I find I have to *push* hard to get thru thick orange and lemon rinds.
I have found that the microlane grater is easier and more versitile.
I have used a couple times and it works great ! ! !.
The potato comes out evenly mashed, not lumpy.
It is a much better option comparing to traditional potato mashers since it preserves a texture of potato without making it queue.
My daughter told me I needed to get one of these to make mashed spuds in.
It does work really good!  The spuds come out very creamy and it works nice.
It is stainless and although the basket is small, it works just fine.
Ricing is the way to go and this one is of good quality and a decent value.
This one was old and rusty, so I decided to buy a new one instead.
I got this Oxo one and am very pleased with the outcome!  I get the ultimate light and fluffy  mashed potatoes with this.
I have some arthritis and tendonitis in the hands/forearms, so I found this a little hard to use if I filled the hopper clear full.
By filling halfway, I did not have as much trouble.
The first time I used it I did not peel the potatoes, and I believe this also contributes somewhat to the difficulty in pressing.
The next time I peeled the potatoes and found it easier.
Also, the peeling tends to clog the holes in the hopper and needs dumping often, which slows down the process.
I held my breath a little at the price, but I do believe it is worth it and would buy this ricer again.
It only comes with one permanently mounted screen, but it is perfect for mashed potatoes.
Every chef says the best mashed potatoes are made with a ricer so I treated myself to this one.
I found the handles a little uncomfortable...silicone or rubber on them might help.
But using the ricer is much more consistent than mashing...not a chance of lumps so they're very very smooth.
Decent capacity and relatively easy to use, although I now wish I had bought the one with the compound leverage for easier squeezing.
I did not imaging there was a ricer until I saw this on a Martha Stewart cooking show.
She was showing off some monster size ricers.
However I always choose "OXO Good Grips" as the tool of choice.So far just did the mashed potato thing.
This works well however a good old fashioned masher works as well for me.
Now I see for other reviews that there are more uses and a whole new world is opening for me and my ricer.
I had my doubts about this item because it felt a little flimsy when I removed it from the box.
It's lightweight and the handles seemed a little small.
However, it worked flawlessly and made super-smooth mashed potatoes.
But the consistent smoothness is well worth it.
You also must remove the peel each time you press (that's where the messy part comes in.)Recommended!.
The only small problem is the cup size, on the small side if you are doing potatoes for more than just the family.
It is dishwasher safe and it is already a very good point.
Great Product as my wife has approved it and she is very picky so I am on her good side.
The OXO Potato Ricer is a great kitchen tool that has held up well for the past 6 years of fairly regular use.
Bid farewell to lumps, and say &#34;Oh, hi there!&#34; to silky smooth starchy goodness.
This works perfect for mashing potato's for gnocchi, I have tried electric mixers and hand potato mashers and none work like this for gnocchi.
If you make gnocchi this is a must have.
If you are buying this just to mash potato use a potato masher or electric mixer if you already have one of those.
This potato ricer is a very sturdy, dependable product.
Rices potatoes quickly and easily, easy to work with and to clean.
It is also fabulous for "ricing" bananas for banana bread.
There was no struggling with this one to unscrew any parts to clean - just tossed it in the dishwasher.
The OXO version has already been used twice in the past two weeks - I'd almost forgotten how well meatloaf goes with mash - yummmm!.
This was great for mash potatoes, carrots and yams.
In general this provides a lot more air into the root that you are trying to mash.
It provides a much softer mouth feel than traditionally smashing does.
If I could only afford one tool for mashed potatoes, I'd opt for the "food mill".
I'm ready!This replaces a 30 year old potato masher that is rusted.P.S.
A few times, the structure of the ricer prevented my overturning the dough or the ricer in my nervousness.
This is a very sturdy and well-built ricer.
This tool is a must-have for preparing mashed potatoes.
My only gripe with this ricer is that some of the potato squishes out over the lid when pressing down on the contents.
I don't think it matters how much or little is in the canister, it's just the way it works.
Other than that, the handles are easy to use and give you great leverage when ricing, even if the potatoes are a little firm.
If you've never used a ricer before, go ahead and get this -- you'll get much fluffier mashed potatoes than by using a masher.
Many people have commented that it is too small, but I can get through 5 pounds of potatoes in no time at all.
In fact, after the comments about it's size, I was expecting it to be smaller than it actually was.
My 10 year old son likes to cook with me and he has to use that method (he can't grip it).
I included a photo so you could see it's size in relation to my hands.
The potatoes come out perfect - no lumps (although I hear some people actually LIKE lumps?).
Anyway, this is a terrific ricer - clean up is easy too.
A simple rinse gets most of the potato residue off and then I put it in the dishwasher!.
Once you use the potato ricer, you will never go back to traditional mashed potato methods again.
Use that extra time you save to concentrate more on the main dish.
I used it for mashed potatoes for Christmas dinner.
I had quite a pile of potatoes and went through them in a jiffy.
I used this ricer and it works great.
I hand wash it as I do all my kitchens tools.
It is made well and has a little weight to it.
of butter and a splash of EVOO and some salt, mix and serve.
If you want the best, smoothest, creamiest and fluffiest mash potatoes you have to buy a potato ricer.
The ricer is simple yet well made, strong and reliable and produces evenly riced potatoes every time.
The handle is ergonomically designed so you can repeat the same operation over and over without strain.
I fit about two cooked potatoes into the ricer cup with no problem.
If you love mash potatoes then a ricer is the way to go.
I got this one particularly to squeeze shredded potatoes dry.
I thought one with holes all around the basket as well would be better, but this product had the best reviews overall.
My hubby is going to like less lumps in his mashed potatoes, since I generally use an old hand masher and fork.
I haven't used it yet, but the press plate lies flush with the grate, the piston appears to be fastened well enough.
My hubby truly enjoys the smooth quality of potatoes riced with this ricer.
I peel and cut my potatoes, so they take a couple of basketfuls to rice but it is still faster than with a hand mashers.
A tip from a cooking tutorial-use a fork to test potatoes for doneness "fork tender", not a knife for better test.
This is absolutely one of my favorite kitchen tools.
I use it to make gnocchi and mashed potato.
The tool is kinda heavy...or...heavier than you would expect.
It works great - I've so far used it with yukon gold potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots and turnips and everything has worked just fine.
Even though it's fairly small, processing the foods goes pretty quickly and it's easier to use than the larger ones I've tried.
Easy to clean, dishwasher safe but I usually wash by hand, which is also easy to do.
I've used this every couple of days since I got it and I'm very fond of it.
I haven't found any other way to duplicate the texture this gives, although I have and use a blender, food processor and very nice knives.
I never bought the ricer for ricing potatoes.
Instead, I bought it to squeeze the juices from raw potatoes to make hash browns and potato pancakes.
I have also used it lately to rinse water from herbs and other soft leafy vegetables before chopping.
I like it.Works on food products other then potatoes Fast delivery.
use it mainly for hash browns and zuchini bread.
Easy to scrape the holes clean then pop it in the dishwasher.
This is a handy tool for making very fluffy mashed potatoes.
You put in a peeled, boiled spud, push down on the lever, and out comes what we called "riced" potatoes in the past.
These are the lumpy fresh noodles that are common in German and Austrian food.
Rinse the ricer with some cold water before filling to prevent a sticky mess.
When the noodles float up (only a few minutes) you can scoop them out with a slotted spoon and drain.
Except, the wurst are hard to find in the US unless you live in parts of Pennsylvania or Wisconsin.
Since I have had this potato ricer, I have been making the best mashed potatoes I have ever made.
It is a good size and is very easy to use.
It is nice and strong, and fits comfortably in my hand.
I found six medium potatoes made a nice bowl of mashed potatoes for two.
I'm seriously impressed with the Oxo potato ricer and highly recommend it!.
Simple, well made and should last a lifetime when used properly.
Still waiting on them.I have learned that whenever the wife wants a kitchen gadget to always search Amazon first.
The heck with going to stores, calling around or asking.
IF you can't find it here, you probably cannot find it in a store.
It's a ricer, there isn't a lot of magic going on here to report on.
The quality is consistent with other OXO products I have.
Great balance, great feel and great non-slip grips make this the best potato ricer I've owned to date.
I used this potato ricer to make gnocchi.
I found it a bit awkward to hold and use, especially compared to other OXO products, which are usually designed to be extremely ergonomic.
great for making gnocchi! that's what i ordered it for.
I LOVE I LOVE I LOVE this gadget and it's not useless!  I know I'll be using this for years to come.
I used itafter purchasing it two weeks ago, finally today for my Easter dinner.
I used it for sweet potatoes and regular potatoes.
In past, I've always mashed them by hands but took a lot of work and time consuming and the veggies managed to come out lumpy.
Cut my time by half plus the veggies were smoother not lumpy and I used less milk or butter or etc.
I cut the potatoes in halved without peeling and boiled them til tender.
Drained water and placed couple of them in the ricer at a time.
I hope this ricer will last for a long time.Update 6/10/2013I use it all the time.
I use it for sweet potatoes, apples and bananas, and strawberries.
It still easy to use and easy to clean.
This is my first potato ricer and I'm very happy that I did the research to find a good one.
I was looking for something to squeeze juice from wet pulp left behind by my juicer.
I boiled my unpeeled potatoes whole, removed them from the pot and cut them in 1/2.
I then drop 1/2 the potato in the ricer with the cut side down and squeeze.
All the potato goes in the bowl leaving the skin behind which comes out easily and then I continue with the next 1/2 potato.
My 6 year old granddaughter was fascinated and helped me do the squeezing.
My worries about this hurting my arthritic hands was for naught.
Clean up is a breeze if I do not let the potato dry on the ricer.
I still want to try it on my wet juice pulp.
I hate wasting any valuable, delicious and nutritious juice.
I do continue to use it for ricing potatoes.
This is a solid, easy to use ricer at a great price.
You would pay more for a ricer of this quality at a home store.
In addition to ricing potatoes, this works great to get the excess water out of frozen spinach and to puree garlic cloves!.
I wish I&#8217;d invested in a potato ricer years ago.
Best $25 I&#8217;ve ever spent!My old method of whipping up mashed potatoes &#8211; namely, a hand mixer &#8211; was a nightmare.
The dogs, both terrified by mom&#8217;s breakdown and enticed by the crumbs scattered all over the place, were nearly as stressed as I was.
With limited storage space, I&#8217;m hesitant to buy kitchen utensils that only have a single, narrow use.
It takes a little while, but overall it&#8217;s much easier than using an electric hand mixer.
TRUST ME.) The potatoes come out the other side in stringy, noodle-like segments.
After you&#8217;re done processing all the mashed potatoes, add your soy milk and margarine as you would normally and stir.
Plus it will filter out the skins, so there&#8217;s no need to peel your potatoes either.
I was a bit nervous about buying the OXO model, since I couldn&#8217;t tell from the pictures exactly how it opened up.
(Though fitting it into a dishwasher is a little trickier, especially when open!) The construction is sturdy, with a stainless steel body and padded handles.
I&#8217;ve only had it a few weeks, but it looks like it will last a long while.5/5 stars.
I couldn&#8217;t be happier with my new kitchen gadget!.
Results will be the same as 4 star restaurant prepares.
Was a gift for my grown son and same as the one I use at home.
This makes mashed potatoes so much more creamy and no lumps.
It is alot easier that mashing it by hand and I think easier than pulling out the blender.
Saw it on the cooking shows and gave it a try.
After reading a recipe on making perfect mashed potatoes, which recommended a ricer, I bought this.
It is easy to use, one small potato at a time, for a creamy uniform consistency.
TIP: pour the boiling potato water through it before mashing...keeps the potatoes hot.
I use this for straining tincture, with cheesecloth as a layer between.
Im sure it works great for potatos too!.
I had never used one of these in the past but OMG they make the creamiest mashed potatoes I have ever had.
Great for camping too because you do not need electricity to use.
Kids also got a real kick out of watching the potatoes &#34;squish&#34; out.
This ricer does a great job on potatoes and it is a good size for a two person family.
Because my daughter is a HUGE fan of mashed potatoes I finally broke down and got a ricer for perfect potatoes every time.
If you're not mashing potatoes with a ricer, you're missing out.
This was my second ricer, after I bought the cheapest one I could find at a local kitchen supply store.
The handle on the cheap ricer bent the very first time I used it.
This one is much more sturdy, which is really all you need in a ricer.
I bought this initially because my wife had a minor jaw surgery and I needed to mash up her veggies.
I used to consistently for about a month as she was recovering and it was always super simple to use.
Since I've had this ricer they have been on the menu much more frequently.
I purchased this to make baby food based on all the positive reviews.
The large size is great for leverage and making large batches of food.
The hinges are all sturdy, and the metal construction makes this very realiable.
I bought this as a gift for my mom for Christmas.
She wanted a potato ricer to help make even smoother mashed potatoes.
The hinge is very strong, and even with hard potatoes I was able to squeeze hard and there was never any stress.
The plunger fits perfectly into the ricer, and the grips on the handles help keep a strong grip.
It's sturdy and you can rice the potatoes without peeling them.
The only thing I think could be improved on is if it had holes along the side as well.
When you rice the potatoes it does have a tendency to push mashed potato over the top of the ricer.
If it could go out the side as you rice them, it wouldn't do that.
And to be perfectly honest, it really didn't make much of a difference in mashing the potatoes.
They were pretty much the same as they were when I didn't rice them.
So, if you hate peeling potatoes, you can use this prior to mashing and you don't have to peel them.
this thing works great but is small so beware.
if your using it for potatoes then think again unless it's just for one.
I've had this stainless steel ricer for over a year now, and it looks as good now as it did when it came new.
My husband and I were fighting over who got to use it first.
Whatever I thought I knew and liked about mashed potatoes was wrong.
The handle is not as ergonomic (read: comfortable to hold) as I have come to expect from OXO.
It does this not matter how much or little potato you add.
I think its just eh way it was designed.
It's not the end of the world and I'm not a very neat cook in the kitchen anyway.
If making a mess while cooking makes your eye start to twitch, you may want to check out another ricer.
OXO designs great products and this is no exception.
It does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top.
I just don't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it's meant to do with ease.
I liked it so much, I bought one for my aunt.Before this, I made mashed potatoes with a masher; the difference is unbelievable.
ITS HARD TO GET ALL THE LIQUID OUT OF SOME VEGIES.
ITS BIG ENOUGH TO HANDLE A GOOD PORTION.
There are no Waffle Houses in our area and that was usually where I got my hashbrown fix.
You grate your potato while the pan is heating --with butter or light olive oil.
You use the ricer to squeeze out all the excess moisture.
You scoop the potato shreds out and then spread in the pan (with or without onions).
Season and cook until crispy and golden.I couldn't be happier.
In the last two days I've made hashbrowns 4 times.
The Oxo ricer has been easy to hand clean, and in general I've had no problem.
I will note though that there are no side holes which means that some of the fluid accumulates above the plunger.
I also don't think that it would necessarily come as clean by putting it in the dishwasher.Pam T~mom/chief bottle washer and cook.
Are you tired of lumpy mashed potatoes?  Look no further.
This little baby will take your potato and squirt it out in 143 streams of creamy mashed potatoes.
Solid construction, but boil the potatoes before you stick them in the ricer.
I only wish that the handles were about three inches longer for easier use.
The ricer is very well made, as are most OXO Good Grips products and it works perfectly.
A few more inches in handle length would make this device perfect and earn it 5 stars.
This OXO potato ricer makes great mashed potatoes.
I use it whenever I don't feel like having chunky mashed potatoes for dinner, otherwise I use the regular masher.
At first I thought this was one of those gadgets that eventually gathers dust in the kitchen but I was wrong.
It's very easy to use and easy to clean.
I find it even easier to clean than my potato masher.
I have the Oneida with an inch-thick nylon head and the potatoes get stuck in between the grids.
Just flush with running water and everything comes out.
I've never had a problem with the handles bending, either.
I will also use it for bananas for banana bread.
Bananas are easy to mash with a fork but if you have to mash 20 then it takes time.
I will also use it for baby food in the future when I have babies.
I have never been able to make hashbrowns, now I can.
I don't even need to use oil in the pan.
I dump hashbrown "puck" directly out of the ricer and cook it right up.
I have not tried to make potatoe pancakes yet, but I am looking forward to that too.
I first bought this to squeeze out the juice from potatoes when making hash browns but its first use was actually making mashed potatoes.
For that purpose it works great, mashed potatoes are very fluffy using this and it is very easy to use.
My kids love watching me make it and like using it themselves.
Then I do a quick wash with dishwashing detergent.
It's time to make a freshly made mashed potatoes...easy and convenient.
Not only potatoes but other root crops as well like carrots and yams.
Okay, who has room for yet one more kitchen utensil?!!  Seems like those tools in my drawer just multiply over time.
so I finally ordered one of these Oxo potato ricers, and am SO glad I did.
My mom never had one of these, nor my mother-in-law.
My family & friends went on and on about those potatoes!!  Life is good.
hey, also, I have a new grand daughter and this thing works great for pureed foods for her!  Get one, you will not regret it.
It's only my husband and me, now that our girls are grown.
I wanted something that would do the job, but in less time.
My husband often helps with the cooking and, he was was really impressed with this gizmo.
It had great reviews and they were all right about it.
It's heavy duty and really easy to use.
It will get a good workout in my kitchen.
I have heard for quite some time how wonderful Potato Ricers are.
They process the Potato in one squeeze, and prevent over mixing and creating glue when using a stand mixer.
I decided to see for myself if I preferred riced potatoes.
The first time I used the OXO Ricer, the Potatoes came out creamy and delicious.
The texture was different than whipped Potatoes, and the flavor was more &#34;natural&#34;.
I didn't need to stir in as much butter or cream as I usually would when I used the stand mixer.
I now use the Ricer every time I make Mashed Potatoes, and really enjoy this new method.
The OXO Ricer is easy to use, easy to clean, and the padded grips prevent hand cramping if you are processing a larger batch.
It rices beautifully, and is easy to clean and store.
Very reasonable cost, and the usual good OXO value.
I wasn't paying attention when I ordered this.
It's very small, so time consuming to prepare potatoes for a family size meal.
As a mashed potato connoisseur I will attest that nothing produces smoother or more fluffy mashed potatoes than a ricer.
I can comfortably, and relatively quickly, mash up to 10 lb.
I bought this in 2006 and it still works great and makes the best potatoes.
I never use the mixer anymore! Also I use this little gem on juicing my pomegranites for jelly!  It is great.
Put about 1/2 to 3/4 cups seeds in and squish then discard the pulp.
The best possible mashed potatoes without peeling!  This is high in quality and function.
The consistency of potatoes 'mashed' with this ricer is smooth - perfect.
And for an especially easy time, just use baked potatoes - you get more flavor, softer potatoes to squeeze through, and less clean up!.
Easy clean-up, I just put it in the dishwasher.
Regardless I took the plunge and I must say it has been a worthwhile purchase.This ricer produces consistently smooth potatoes.
I have also used it with sweet potatoes, acorn squash, squeezing liquid from spinach and grated jalapeno and to juice lemons.
Very light and fluffy product you get when ricing potatoes.
The Oxo Good Grips Potato Ricer is the first one I've ever owned.
It is a little messy and it is important to keep the potatoes warm after ricing and mixing in butter, milk, sour cream or whatever.
The ricer tends to be a little sloppy.
I was helping my niece set up her new home and we were trying to buy a lot of things for not that much money.
I think it's so important to have good knives - but when I went looking - the really good ones were SO much money.
Well, I was so impressed, I had to buy a set for myself as well.
These are the knives I reach for everyday.
At this price, I can't imagine any home without them!.
My daughter received these knives as a wedding gift and they are used more than any in her kitchen.
Picking Crab is such a pain in the behind but this is a nice set.
I also use the spoon ends to dig out the tops of strawberries.
If you have ever tried eating lobster or crab without the proper utensils you know what a trial it can be.
These are the perfect tools for getting at the good stuff!.
It also serves multiple purposes and helps save space in an urban area.
This works really well for crab legs night.
They pickers help you get every last bit of goodness out of the crab legs.
It is very heavy duty and comfortable though and does just fine.
The only modification I'd recommend to OXO would be to design the cracker to come closer together at the hinged end.
I'd still get it again though if anything happened to it.
High quality and sturdy for lobster and crab mealtime.
Add another cracker to make the process go faster.
The spoon/forks work well but not as well as expected.
I bought for a shower gift for a bride whom lives down south.
I used these at a local crab feed.
Amazing!  They work so great - both the scoop end and the fork end for getting all the crab out.
Only improvement would be all stainless steel with no plastic, but for the price I would definitely recommend them.
Classy enough to use as a gift item.
Very high quality set at very good price.
We have two and have given 2-3 as gifts.
The forked design works much better than the curved single-tine picks and the spoon scoop end easily finishes the job.This set is expensive.
Many sets are available for half or less.
I have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets, so maybe these are really worth the extra.
I bought these for a crab feed that hasn't happened yet.
But so far they seem alot easier to hold and handle than my old ones.
These make cracking a lovely little lobster effortless.
The grip is very comfortable in your hand and the cracker is substantial.
Not being on the chain, you can also open it with your arms extended; this comes in handy when you are opening cat food.
This also does not require you to be so dexterous.
It was time to invest in a good one.
OXO has always done me good and I didn't have any hesitation purchasing something from them.
Maybe I am jumping the gun, but for some reason I will not be surprised if it happens.
I have been avoiding the dishwasher just to be safe.
Overall, for the price and the amount I use it I am very happy and feel you will be too.
Just don't expect to have this around in 4 years.
I have bought this kind of opener for some time now.
It was a good thing that I ordered again because my old one of more than ten years broke down.
When I was a kid, my parents went through more electric can openers than I care to count; high complexity, dubious reliability.
The all-stainless construction means no fear of dishwashers, though you'll want to keep metal utensils from banging into the blade.
The rubber handles are very comfortable, and the big fat plastic crank handle handily rotates the can with no contortions whatsoever.
The OXO can opener isn't that different in basic design from any other manual can opener.
You close the blade-and-gear assembly over the edge of a can, grasp the handles, and turn the crank-thingie.
The handles are those wonderful thick soft rubber OXO handles, which are great for hands with arthritis or tendonitis.
The crank is large as well, although plastic not rubber, giving plenty of leverage and failing to dig into sensitive skin or tendons.
This seems to be a theme with their products, in our experience at least.
I for one wouldn't mind paying an extra dollar or two in order to get something that would last longer and wouldn't break down.
When you live in Louisiana, after Katrina, you get prepared.
Even in the northern part where so many people sought temporary shelter, you follow the Boy Scout motto.
Because of the frequent thunderstorms that are part of hurricane periphery, one must take into account that electricity will go out.
This is true of the entire year, not just hurricane season.I keep an assortment of emergency equipment and supplies to make myself independent.
Of course, with sardines, you just peel back the top, drain, dump, and eat.
Add crackers, pickles, onion, cheese, and that white wine that is quite drinkable at room temp.
Pluck some grapes from the fridge and time to eat, thanks to Oxo Can Opener!.
I have one of these at home and one of these for my office because I liked it so much.
The handle is easy to grip and hold onto, and the blade is just sharp enough to open any cans easily.
Can also bring it with you camping, etc.
Nice and sharp - easy to turn the handle - opens cans easily - highly recommend!.
I bought this opener for my son who has difficulty opening can because of his arthritis.
This is a great and easy to use can opener.
The grips aren't really necessary, but they are nice.
The can opener turns really easily, and it  requires little force.
Almost as easy as an electric can opener.
I have owned this can opener for 3 years now and I am still mostly happy with it.
It features comfortable rubber grip handles and an ergonomicle hand crank (my favorite part).
Due to the design, I notice less stress and strain on my hands and wrists using this product than I had with cheaper models.
I have not noticed any rusting or other problems as far as functionality is concerned.
The rubber handles have loosened a bit and slide down occassionally, but this has not been problematic as of yet.
My 12 year old left-handed daughter has never been able to open a can with a regular can opener.
We have tried and tried through the years.
Many people told me I would be handicapping her to buy her left handed friendly items, but I finally gave in.
She loves to cook, and this was a pain point for her.
I read that this model was left-hand friendly, so I picked it up for her.
She used it today, and she was so excited.
It was a nice clean cut, and the handle was nice and large for her hand.
I am hoping it will last her through several years, but we will have to wait and see.
It also shredded a bit of the label, which ended up in the food to be picked out.
I guess that can be easily solved by peeling off the label before we open the can.
This can opener works sooo easily!  I like manual can openers, but some of them are a pain to operate.
This Good Grips opener works as good as the other Good Grips products that I have tried.
"Desprately Needing A Can-Opener", might be the title of a small household dilemma I was facing a few weeks ago.
76370R -- which has since been replaced by Model No.
76370P -- which HAS to be a better machine), had broken.
Good riddance, really, as it was really difficult to position a can to be cut by it, and,.
"once the can was opened / a little splash of any liquid / in / the can / would come / a final sting".
It had cost me some money at the local supermarket, and I guess it didn't start "spitting out" until the warranty period was over.
I'm a native New York Citier who was living IN NYC, (Queens), when 9/11 occured.
It also can, (if desired), give something of a history lesson, to people who have a mind for these things.
Jenny is coming out of her frame, to give a kiss to Joe.
Although I haven't had my can-opener long enough to know, they say that, repeated use, the gears can get rusty after a year or so.
I trust other Amazon reviewers -- especially those who write with such earnestness as these people do.
So -- I think I'll carefully rinse, (and dry!), my OXO GOOD GRIPS CAN OPENER WITH BOTTLE-OPENER, after each use, from now on.
My suggestion here is tht you do the same.
This was recommended by America's Test Kitchen and I just love it.
It is very easy to use with no stain your hands.
I have used it for years and it is still working GREAT.
I prefer using this can opened to an electric.
It is easy to use and comfortable to hold.
The large black knob on this can opener enables it to rotate very easily, and without much effort.
It also has soft gripping handles, and is not to heavy.
Would definitely recommend to others and / or reorder when its time to.
I consider this Oxo can opener the new base standard for can openers against which all others should be compared.
So it works much better than any other can opener.
You might pay more now, but it seems like this one will last much longer than the easily-rusted, cheap metal ones I've had before.
This is a really good handheld can opener....I prefer electric but my son does not so this fit the bill.
Thats not often the case with these type openers.
We replaced a much less expensive manual opener with this.
The difference in the way the handle turned was amazing.
The Oxo is smooth and easy to operate.
This is a great item when I want to juice one or two fruits, preferably small citrus such as lemons or limes.
Quick mix later and I had a great, refreshing sip of something healthy (minus the sugar I guess) that I got to make myself.
I went with this over the wooden for aesthetics, and it does a great job.
No slipping and good on all kinds of citrus.
Hard to wash the wood after it's been used a while and the wood is no longer smooth.
These are excellent for grilling and far superior to all those specialty grill tongs that hardly bend.
These are very long, 12&#34; are a bit more useful in the kitchen, these are better for grilling.
Love using these tongs! For the quality they are very reasonably priced.
Locking feature is great and the steel is thick.
I bought the 12 and 9 inch, so far I'm using the 9 inch the most while cooking.
I like the gripping capability of these tongs.
They grab and hold meats and vegetables well.
I like the pull/push locking mechanism on top which also has a hole for hanging when not in use.
I also like the stainless steel finish and the sturdy construction.
I've had it for a few years now and still works like new.
The Good:  These tongs are cheap and adequate.
I needed a long pair of tongs with metal ends to work in the grill and hot pans and this this did the trick.
They open and close with ease, just like the smaller versions you can buy.
Additionally, arms of the tongs are well made.The Bad:  The ends of these tongs are very thin and mine came twisted a slight bit.
It all gave the impression of being slightly cheaply made, but for $15 you get what you pay for.
These replaced some cheap tongs I had that were too flimsy to pick up a chicken leg without collapsing.
I also bought the 12 inch tongs after using these.
Locking mechanism makes them easier to store and carry.
They are a better size than my last ones and have nice rubber grips.
Got these to replace them and these are stainless steel so I am very happy with them.
The spread-open nuisance is no longer necessary and I, for one, very much appreciate the change.
They lock closed so are easy to store.
And they don't slide out of your hand because of the rubber-like grip on the handle.
Finally, a workable set of tongs for my grilling.I believe these are the best available for the following reasons:a.
The lock makes the tongs easy to usec.
We love this item, we have a couple where the ends were criss-crossed and the metal was thin.
This is a good quality, the ends meet correct, and it is a perfect size/length for most cooking.
Reasonably priced and high quality with the additional pull lock for easy storage.
These make great "gifts" too as sets, ie: 9", 12", etc.
My mom never used tongs like these when I was growing up, so I never thought of getting a pair.
I don't know how I ever did without them.
What can you say about OXO products, they're great.
These are easy to use, go in the dishwasher for complete cleaning and are easy to handle.
If they break or if there is an issue, OXO stands behind their products.
I've bought a few years ago for my wife then for my mother-in-law.
We're still using these tongs (9-inch, 12-inch ones) and they are in excellent shape.
I bought these as a gift for my sister-in-law.
I also bought a 16 inch for my BBQ grill since the one I have for BBQ grill is not good to use.
These are not too long, perfect for kitchen use.
I bought the 12&#34; size 6 years ago and they are still serving me well.
Spontaneous locking is not a problem with these.
Most at this price don't grip, don't line up straight, and bend easily.
They are sturdy, line up, grip well, and the locking mechanism actually works when not in use.
If I had 3 hands, I would have bought three.
They are just the right length for just about any use.
We put off buying a new pair of long tongs for years because of our bad experiences with them.
They always broke within a few uses because of terrible quality.
This pair is durable and I was pleasantly surprised.
We can now enjoy backyard BBQ without having to suffer through burns again.
I have had these for a couple years, and I think I use them almost every day.
The locking feature is really handy, and easy to activate or deactivate--even with messy kitchen hands.
The rubber is comfortable and gives you a sturdy, cool grip.I have one minor complaint, the tongs don't work well with delicate things.
For example, with chicken parmesan, the breading rips right off.
Now, we'll eat anything, so it isn't a big deal to us.
I did notice that OXO makes a set of tongs that have rubber on the ends which may protect delicate foods.
Google about the problem and warnings from government agencies.The solution is to keep bird frozen and then put directly into oven.
After reaching a certain temp you are then able to remove the giblet package with tongs, using a fork can break the bag.
If not removed the bag will later break at higher temperatures.
Locking tongs help make removal an easy task.Non locking tongs can be temporarily made to lock with rubber band around the handle grip.
Thought I was nuts to pay such a price for tongs, but after using them it wasn't nutty at all.
The over-all quality is outstanding, the "look and feel" is great, and this item does its job really well.
This one has a nylon locking tab which is smooth.
I don't know if I could rate any tongs as &#34;I love it&#34; haha.
I have several of this tongs and recommend them if they have the metal center clip (the plastic ones break).
These 16&#34; ones are great for the grill were you don't want to get you hand in the fire.
Stainless Steel, with rubber grips, and a clever locking mechanism built into the end.
Good, Heavy-Gauge stainless steel won't easily get bent out of shape picking up heavy stuff.
These tongs are so nice that I just ordered a second pair.
I love the fact that they lock and lock very easily.
I used these all the time for indoor as well as outdoor cooking.
They go right in the dishwasher and clean up beautifully.
I have several other pairs of tongs but from repeated dishwasher use, they are starting to become difficult to open and close.
I love OXO products for the quality and durability.
I have several sizes of  OXO tongs for different uses and they all have performed perfectly for many years.
The length is perfect for picking up so many things as well using when cooking.
These are quite short but I prefer that since they do not feel as unwieldly as some I've used.
Also the spring action doesn't feel like you're trying to hang on to it.
Great control to grip all manner of food sizes and densities from boiled collards to frozen grapes.
Easy and gentle on my chronic hand injury.
I love OXO products, and this item is no exception.
With these tongs at the grill, my husband doesn't even need a grill mitt.
they are long and to be honest great! I saw them on a tv show where they were comparing different brands and this one won.
I went on and read about it did a little research and got it.
The Kitchenaid ones don't have that and have a tendency to get hot.
These don't so they get tons more use.
But there is a need the longer ones too - so I actually have both.
I used to have short, wire tongs that I would always get my hands burned with when making a steak or felafel on the stove.
I haven't used these on a grill outside yet, but I'm sure these would be perfect for that.
Push in the tag to release, pull out to lock, which is great for storage and for the dishwasher.
Overall, very happy with the 16'' length vs the 9'' and 12''.
These are for my Son in law who is more than I could have wished for my daughter and grand children.
As a tip, here is how I use the locking OXO Tongs I have many sizes.
Use the locking tongs while they are locked it is much easier.
They lock together so they take up less room in my draw.
Thought the lock was crazy on a set of tongs, but find the lock to be very useful.
I bought about 5 of these just to have on hand while the others are in the dishwasher...love them!!!.
As with most OXO kitchen tools these tongs are quality! They work well, grip tight and provide a long reach for those particularly hot fires!.
Over time I've become a fan of Oxo products.
These tongs have what I have found to be usual Oxo great quality.
I wouldn't buy any Oxo product or any other product from Amazon.com if it had bad customer reviews.
They grip the food quite well and make turning the food on the grill both easy and comfortable.
These are great!  I used them to flip steaks this evening and they worked wonderfully.
I was a little worried about the length (12 inches) but they are not too long and have great balance and weight.
I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship.
But these are the tongs that are changing that pattern.
And they look nice enough that you can use them at the table and not be embarrassed.
Perhaps not the easiest tongs in the world to control, but only due to the length, as I would expect.
I bought all three sizes of the Oxo Good Grips Tongs.
I've had all three of my OXO Tongs for years now and have never needed replacing! WELL WORTH the $.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!  These are one of those things I can't live without.
I use them all the time for all kinds of cooking and baking.
Easy locking by simply pulling the little knob at the end of the tongs.
I own a 9&#34; and 12&#34; pair of these.
After a few years of use, the 9&#34; feels like an extension of my hand.
I can do damn near anything with it, and I use them pretty much every time I'm in the kitchen.
9 inch gives me control over the weight balance.
locking mechanism keeps tongs closed in utensil drawer, preventing inter-tangle with other items.
These tongs have nice teeth to grab food with out tearing.
I don't know how long the black grips will last but the metal on the tongs has nice finish and very thick.
The locking mechanism works great and is in the right place on the tongs.
The length makes it easy to get food from the back of the grill.
Tongs are the MOST useful tool in my kitchen.
I use them to: stir fry, turn hot foods on the grill, hold meat while I slice it, etc.
etc.The rubber handles put these tongs over the top.
Get 'em greasy, get 'em wet,  doesn't matter, they won't slip.
Another bonus - where other tongs get too  hot these are fine because the rubber stays cool.
You can safely use these  to fish things out from a pot of boiling water!  Try that with a pair of  all metal tongs.
ouch!I also like the ability to lock them in the  closed position.
We have a pair of these and we just bought another to give as a gift.
We use them all the time and they are great for salad, pasta, on a grill, whatever.
It can handle heavy steaks fine and they wash easily.
We don't put them in the dishwasher so I don't know how it'd handle that cause we always wash these by hand.
Also I've never gotten them so dirty that it was hard to clean them.
my wife and i have bought at least four sets of tongs including two that appeared to have good gripping ability.
i read all the reviews, went for it,and bought it.
what a great pair of tongs! steaks, chicken quarters, even a slab of ribs were no problem.
please take my word for it,in the world of tongs they have no equal!.
I like the extra length; makes them great for the barbecue and still they're not too long for kitchen use.
The only thing that bothers me is that they occasionally open in the dishwasher rather than staying locked.
That's not enough, however, that I wouldn't highly recommend them.
I use them when grilling, to turn asparagus on a baking sheet in the oven, to flip chicken breasts cooking in a skillet.
I can even use them as a tool to grab cereal boxes or pancake mix off a high shelf.
If you spend a lot of time cooking, you need these tongs in your kitchen.
I use these to arrange the charcoal after I dump it out of the starter.
It locks closed for storage and easily opens for use.
16 inches keeps the hot away from my hands.
The right length for grilling and they work well.
I will update if I have any issues with them.
I used to have a 16"-reach set of tongs that I used a lot on the grill.
Unfortunatly, it rusted out and had to be replaced.
I started using my regular short (10-12") tongs on the grill and kept burning my hand reaching for things towards the back.
After shopping the local stores for a replacement, I gave up and ordered this one from Amazon.
It works well as designed, and I especially like the locking mechanism.
My old tongs had that stupid wire ring that was supposed to lock into the notches cut into the handle, but it kept falling out.
You BBQ guys know what I'm talking about.
Anyway, this locking mechanism is a lot better - it's more "push/pull" and works great.
I like this item a lot - now my hands won't get burnt when turning Buffalo Wings on the grill.
The locking mechanism is a wonderful addition to keep closed when not in use.
I saw tv celebs using tongs and decided to try them.
They had not been part of my kitchen toolkit.
Well, how did I get along without them.
I was not sure what length to purchase.
Keeps y our hands away from the heat.
Makes the easier to store and hold in position.
The grip is precise and I am not concerned about the mettle tips ruining anything.
I find that I use it in new ways, sometime like a spatulas to turn thing, or to grab something.
Nice for reaching in the over to adjust foods.
Easy to hold, easy to use.Get a shorter set for smaller jobs.
I use this one mostly for the grill where distance is an advantage.
I have other brands and they don't last long.
They either burn up from the heat or their locking mechanisms fail.
This was part of a wedding gift set.
I have not heard pro nor con about this item from the receiving couple.
These tongs are responsive, easy to use, and easy to clean (I hand wash).
They pick up small bits of stew meat and large chicken breasts.
This is my favorite grill tool (well, this, and the Weber T-Brush).
The cushioned handles ARE non-slip and comfortable, and the tongs are sturdy.
They don't twist when you grab a large steak on the grill.
The locking feature seems common with tongs, but works nicely.They may be dishwasher safe, but I hand wash my stainless tools and knives.
I needed a longer pair of tongs for the grill and these have been perfect.
I have had them for a while now and used them quite a bit.
You have precise control with these and the rubberized grips are very comfortable.
OXO Good Grips products are usually pretty good and these are no exception.
What more is there to say than these are another in the long line of quality OXO products.
The 12-inch tongs replaced a pair of cheap tongs that came apart, quite literally, at the seams.
Easy to use, easy to clean, excellent grip.
Summer is here, which means more of our family's meals shift from our kitchen to our gas barbecue grill, keeping the house cool.
Strong, sturdy tools with appropriate reach are essential.I purchased four brands of 16-inch tongs from Adcraft, Update International, Browne Foodservice, and Oxo.
Each tong is made of brushed stainless steel with a scalloped edge.
The 16-inch length is important to avoid exposing my hands and arms to the grill heat and possible flare-ups.
The only downside with these 16-inch tongs is storage, which is made less convenient without a locking mechanism.
My wife liked this because this tong is easier to close.
I can appreciate that but the spring feels less sturdy.
The spring action is too loose for my preference.
For roughly $15, I'd rather own three pairs of 16-inch tongs than one.
Each tong is rolled into a `U' shape for added strength.
I don't like to grill with mitts or gloves, so I have to pay attention to heat transfer.
This product is typical high quality Oxo Good Grips.
It is perfect cooking tool and one no cook should be without.
I have washed it several times in my dishwasher and notice no rusting or discoloration.
I do wash it on top rack though too.
I love the easy open device on the end.
I just tap it on coun ter and it opens one handed.
These are very sturdy and long enough to give you leverage for that big steak on the grill.
The tongs have long been one of my go-to kitchen items, especially for sauteing/pan frying various foods and for tossing pasta.
The locking mechanism is simple and easy to use.
I had a smallish pair of tongs for turning eggplant and cutlets while sauteeing.
Tired of burnt fingers, I invested in the locking OXO tongs.
They also work fine on the outdoor barbecue grill, though LONGER tongs would be good if your grill is larger than my puny one.
We want to toss it would work with both salad and pasta.
These tongs are great for grilling! I had looked all over for these.
I have their smaller ones and love them.
I knew OXO made them, but could never find them.Thanks Amazon!.
These are great tongs, as are the silicone tipped ones.
I use these on the grill for some items which my very large grilling tongs can't really grab.
The silicone tongs aren't appropriate for the grill so I use these.
The silicone ones get used on nonstick surfaces.
The bottom lines is I have the tongs I need for all by cooking and baking.
I've finally replaced my archaic tongs with this Oxo Good Grips Tongs.
FIRST OFF YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG WITH ANY OXO ITEM.
QUALITY EVERY TIME!  THESE TONGS ARE SO WELL MADE & I LOVE THE LOCKING MECHANISM.
IF YOUR LOOKING FOR TONGS~ SNAP ONE UP!.
I also purchased the 12 inch locking tongs.
The locking mechanism is simple, and exceptionally useful in keeping these things out of the way when they are not picking stuff up.
I have them in both sizes & with/without the plastic tips.
I use the 9" (smaller) tongs for tossing salads & other non-heat tasks.
I like the long (12"), non-plastic tip tongs for grilling & cooking - the extra length comes in handy when you're over heat.
No more wrapping a rubber band around the tongs to keep them together.
You just pull up on the top lever & they lock shut.
It's also great when cooking to just bump that lever on the counter & they open.
I throw them in the dishwasher to clean.These are used daily in our house & after 5+ years, they still work great.
They are on my short-list of most useful kitchen utensils.
I wash mine by hand usually, but probably not needed.
The product has held up to much use & are a perfect size.
To be honest, I'm pretty neutral about these.
I like the rubber grip at the base and the scalloped edges at the tips.
But when it comes down to it, they are just tongs.
But I don't have anything bad to say.
I've been having a pair of these for years.
The long arms are great for the barbecue pit and very strong.
You can't go wrong with any OXO product.
I have small hands, these tongs are light and just the right size.
I bought them to use with my baby Q grill and they are perfect.
I had a larger tong which I had been using but wanted a smaller one.
This one is the perfect size for my needs and is very well made.
Good quality tongs, sturdy and easy to grip food with.
I call this a good investment for my kitchen.
Excellent precise gripping surface for turning/ moving hot food with a handle that doesn't get hot.
If you have a charcoal grill, this is an awesome product! Move the coals, flip your food, all while not burning your hands!.
I love these tongs! They are very well made and do the job great! I would buy them again and would recommend them to anyone!.
Sturdy and easy to handle, these tongs make it easy to grab, flip, turn or retreive just about anything.
The locking feature is great for storage, making the tongs easy to fit in a drawer.
I purchased these tongs for barbecuing and removing items from the hot pressure cooker.
They work great, and the rubberized grips make them easy to hold and operate.
without stabbing them and losing all the juice into the fire.
I recently burned myself trying to extract artichokes from a pot at a friend's house.
They pick up large artichokes with no problem.
They're long enough to use on the grill.
They wash up in the dishwasher and stay closed in the drawer.
They look good, feel good, and work very well.
I'm very pleased with this item, as I have been with everything else I've gotten from OXO.
OXO is famous for its inventive changes on the old standbys in the kitchen, and this set of tongs is no exception.
As a beginning griller I find them very useful for turning all types of meat.
The locking mechanism helps to save on storage space.
That's all I can really say about kitchen tongs.
They are the best tongs I have ever had.
Very sturdy and the locking device makes it very easy to store them.
Why do I love them?  Because of the way they "feel" in my hand and they way that they store on my utinsil crock.
These are great for any type of kitchens.
It has a grippy rubber handle and a slide lock.
The spoon area is nice and wide for all types of foods (except cooked fish fillet).
In the past, I used the all-metal, cheaper tongs.
the ones that come in a multipack.They worked fine but ended up getting rusty spots.
(Though probably my fault for letting them air dry in the dishwasher.
Ha!)I use other OXO branded items in my kitchen and finally gave in and purchased their tongs.
(Or flip meat on the grill).(3) The locking mechanism at the top? Great.
My old (cheap) metal ones had a sliding rectangular &#34;lock&#34; that would always slide down when I was using them.
Hold the tongs closed and pull up on the hang tab at the top.
Nice!I like these so much I'm buying another one.
These tongs are the perfect length for cooking on the grill.
That is one of my pet peeves of previous tongs that I have owned.
They flex to the point that the object being grasped falls out.
I have not even come close to that point with these.The locking mechanism on the back works great as well.
This is a sturdy, well-made version of a common design.
I'm only holding back one star because I wish they were 100% stainless steel.
I've tried several stainless tongs and this is the best yet.
My previous favorites had the spring rust out after a year or so of heavy use and many trips through the dishwasher.
I think these will hold up better and they have all the features.
Rubber inserts in the handles for a good grip.
Locking tab in the hinge to keep them folded up for storage.
Just the right shape and serrations on the business end for gripping just about anything you would want to use them for.
Yes, I know, you can get tongs anywhere.
They stay closed, well made [stainless steal] and grips are positioned at the right place[not to low or high; have big hands].
Wasn't sure if they would be too long at first but when I got them I found out quickly that they are perfect.
My hands are sensitive to heat and these allow me to turn the meats etc.
without having my hands directly over the heat.
Grips are strong and sturdy and the strips on each side make it super comfy to hold.
Like the little locking feature at the top.
just what i wanted! perfect size! plus better then plastic ends so they dont melt!.
They stay closed when you need them closed, yet are easy to open.
Buy one pair with steel tips, and one with nylon tips.
I like the Oxo tongs quite a bit, which is saying a lot, as I don't think highly of the brand generally.
The ends have a useful bend to them that makes picking up food items easy.
I wish the stainless were just a bit heavier-gauge, but in practice, I haven't had any bending problems.Again, good for 90% of normal kitchen needs.
A longer set of tongs is probably a better choice for grilling, but even there, these are fine for the odd item or so.
These grips are made well and grip tight.
Hey are basic but will do the normal stuff you need them for.
They are also nice and long so if you're BBQ-ing you won't get burned!.
the extended length is perfect for using on the grill.
i've lifted 10lbs chickens with it with zero flex.
I have several pairs of these tongs in various sizes and with different "gripping" materials.
I bought these specifically for my grill and I have not been disappointed.
I have used numerous sets of tongs and these are, by far, the best.
The heads are the most dexterous of any pair of tongs I've found and the locking mechanism is simple and effective.
*****These tongs are sturdy, and fine for all tong tasks.
OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch, 12-inch, and 16-inch size.
Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges, like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer.
They should be good to go for any kitchen task.*****.
Oxo Good Grips 16-Inch Locking Tongs should be named Oxo "Great" Grips because that is just how they perform.
They appear to be very well made and I expect to be using them for a very long time.
I own a few of these and could not cook or serve without them.
Highly recommend that you pick up two because you WILL use them.
Okay-- what is all this talk about cooking.
These OXO tongs are more versatile than that.
We use them all over the house, and outdoors as well.
We currently own four pairs.The first usage we put them to is the one you probably expect:  cooking.
As long as they are, they're good for BBQ'ing and working with other hot foods.
They also work for shifting coals and burning branches in an emergency.The second use we have for them are as toys.
I bought two pairs in December for my son and daughter.
They use them constantly (instead of mine) for playing with playdough and as nabber-grabbers.
Nabber-grabbers can be used with Polly Pockets, Thomas the Tank engine, and bean bags if you didn't already know that.
They are long enough I don't have to get my hands 'involved'.
They don't take up a lot of storage space, and they are affordable.
The Oxo Good Grips 12&#34; tongs are great.
They provide a secure grip for both your hands and food you&#8217;re picking up.
Excellent for flipping steaks or turning a 3-5 pound pork loin.
They can be locked in the closed position easily and securely by pulling the tab at the end.
The hinge feels sturdy and gives enough resistance to control what you&#8217;re doing.
Also great to use on a big grill/griddle in a professional kitchen.
I use these in culinary school too and they are great!.
Comfortable in the hand, with just the right "springiness" in the hinge.
Put it in the dishwasher when you're done, lock it closed when you put it away in the drawer (but it won't stay there long).
These are a vast improvement in functionality over a cheaper set of tongs I had.
I also have a barbecue set with some tongs that are so large as to be nearly useless.
These work much better for turning things on the grill.
I have 4 pairs of these and could not cook without them.
For grilling, sauteing, tossing pasta and salads, or grabbing a piece of food from between the grates of the range, they are indispensible.
I can't add much to the previous reviews.
I have very small hands and my husband has very large hands, and we both find these OXO tongs to be very comfortable and versatile.
A must have for any one that grills or smokes.
The long handles and rubber grips keeps hands from getting hot.
I probably use them every day and I love them.
They are stainless steel and so far do not have a spec of rust anywhere.
They lock closed for storage, which is also a very nice feature.
I actually got them as part of a 10-piece utensil set and this is my favorite piece from the set.
I had the longer version of these tongs, and used them so often that I needed another pair.
I use them nearly every day; they are easy to use and do what I want them to.
I highly recommend these if you're looking for longer tongs.
Not at all expensive but work great for cooking almost everything.
I highly recommend these if you're looking for a pair of tongs.
I am a big fan of OXO and was not disappointed in these tongs.
They feel hefty in your hand and are easy to lock closed and unlock when they're needed.
I'm sure I'll get years and years worth of use out of these.
They are easy to use and are easy to open when you only have one hand.
They are accurate to pick up small pieces.
These are a bit longer than my old ones which works well on the grill.
They are great for picking up and moving around hot food.
I use them all the time for grilling out and they never get too hot to hold.
After three years, they still show no signs of wear or rust.Recommended: Yes.
They really grab on and hold.We also got the teflon coated ones for salads and more 'fragile' foods.Nice to have both.
Everything good except it is hard to thoroughly clean all the inside groove and nooks.
The lock works good and  smoothly ,seems durable.
Will buy again but it might be a long time before it needs replacing.
Tongs are the workhorse of a kitchen, and these are an exceptionally good version.
They are stainless steel, have rubber grips, and are a good length.The ability to lock when the hook is pulled is a good one.
The auto-locking type are always locking when I don't want them to.
The jaws spread larger than with smaller tongs, which allows grabbing larger items.
It also gives you some reach, which is important when using them on something in the middle of a hot pan.
I have a longer version for the grill, I wanted another one for kitchen use for pan seared steaks and pork chops.
They are the perfect size and easy to wash.
I used to be a cook many moons ago, and was looking for some tongs that were of the same quality as commercial quality tongs.
I find this size is perfect for all around tong needs.
I bought these, believe it or not, because I have trouble reaching the bottom of my new washing machine.
I purchased one of these over ten years ago, and it still looks brand new.
The rubber keeps it cool, and keeps it from ever getting slippery when wet.
You can get a great grip on just about anything.
The only con with this length is storing it.At thanksgiving I was helping out my mother prepare dinner.
I didn't realize how wonderful the OXO Tongs were until I tried using hers.
(I told her if she wanted my help in the kitchen, she needed these!)My mother is quite the cook.
They have outlasted most of my kitchenaid ones.
Very hard to find in stores at this length.
We had a cheapknock off pair of these originally and the OXOs are made of much heaviergauge stainless steel.
I'm sure everyone else has already reviewed the details of this product so let me instead assure you that these LAST.
I even "misuse" them by pulling them closed with my teeth if my other hand is occupied and have had no issues.
What more is there to be said?  Well done Oxo!.
Oxo makes the best kitchen and barbeque tools and these are no exception.
They are very sturdy and grip tightly, even on large cuts of meat.
OXO makes wonderful products, they are ergonomic so they aren't hard to use.
The rubber handles keeps you from burning your hands when you accidently leave them in a hot skillet or on a hot stove.
They also lock, which is a nice feature for when you want to put them away.
You can sautee with these, use them while tossing pasta or salad, or when you need to move a hot lid.
I can't say enough nice things about these tongs, I use mine every day.
We have the 9 inch and 12 inch; love them both.
Accidentally bought the 9 inch originally with silicone at the grasping portion; it could not pick up much.
These tongs are cleverly designed and solidly built, with a good, sturdy spring, a convenient locking mechanism and comfortable, stay-cool rubber handles.
They are great for barbecues, stir fry, salad and more.
Very convenient.The 12-inch is the best size for all-around use.
They have not shown any rust spots yet, keeping in mind I hand-wash immediately and let drip dry.
They are easily handled, and appropriate weight and the locking mechanism is great for when you only have one hand available.
I use them whenever I BBQ or grill.
couldn't find anything like this at the store so i am glad i found it online.
An ex took these when he moved out and I'm just getting around to replacing them.
Glad I did - I've used them at least every other day since receiving them.
We grill frequently and this product is used often and I haven't had any problems.
Keep in mind that they are long so storing them might be a problem.
OXO makes good gear and this set of tongs is both comfortable and built well.
I have used these types of tongs for years, and the plastic handle is a nice addition.
So is the locking tab that keeps them closed for storage.
The smart additions make this gadget even more convenient to use.
I have tried many other types of tongs, and these are by far my favorite.
Easy to clean, compact for drawer space, and EASY to use!  Light weight and far less complicated than traditional scissor style tongs.
Every cook, beginner to Chef, should have these!  Great as part of a gift basket for newlyweds or new home owners too!.
I cook a lot (not trained) and use tongs a lot.
It is very maddening when you cannot grab something hot in the pan.
These tongs are just the right size:  not too long, substantial but not too much so and can grab anything.
oxo tongs, good quality for a china product.
grip feels good in hand and works smoothly as i expected from a cooks country rating.
I like the lock that holds the tongs together, never had this before.
Good tongs and although I probably should not they wash well in the dishwasher.
I've owned a pair of tongs like this for many years, and finally had to replace them.
I was happy to see they are still being made.
I really like how easy they are to unlock.
I received these as a bridal shower gift and I love them.
They are the perfect size and weight and seem very strong and durable.
Stains do not set on these and I love the rubbery grip on them.
A great value, you will use these forever without having to replace them.
Unlike collared tongs, the Oxo locking mechanism will not accidentally engage while tongs are in use.
Rubber handle inserts give these a solid feel that provides confidence when you're using them.
They are designed with consumer comfort and ergonomics in mind.
They are usually very well made and solid items as well.These tongs are no exception.
The are large enough to give you good reach and distance from oil splatter.
They are absolutely invaluable in cooking, as an extension of your hand to move food items around in pots and pans without burning yourself.
It's so easy to use these to grab steak and flip em, MUCH easier than trying to flip with a fork, spatula, or other devices.
That's because this tool can actually grab and pick up food.
The entire thing is easy to wash and clean.
Some kind of rubber/silicone/non-stick tip would be my next set of tongs.
The stainless steel tips have good grip, so I wouldn't want to sacrifice that.
So I think having one of each would be perfect.
I've got several sets of these - a few in each kitchen, camping gear, etc.
I bought them for my husband, as I read about them on some blog about a man's kitchen or masculine cooking utensils.
He looks 4 inches taller when using them.
The tab at the top locks them in a mostly closed position.
making them less obnoxious to store than similar products.
I needed some extra long tongs for working in a soup pot without getting burned.
I got these cause I already own some OXO stuff.
In case you're wondering, Better Half prefers the tongs to the salad tongs!.
No complaints with the actual clips - everything is well designed.
They are strong, durable, and easy to use (as most OXO stuff is) but.
Holds well and sticks to metal great value.
You can use them for chip bags, notes on the fridge, or just about anything else you may need a clip for.
I like the heavy plastic because cheaper versions tend to break it there is too much tension.
These work really nicely for clamping bags of chips shut tightly.
The magnets are convenient as these clamps stick right on the chalkboard door of my pantry.
The tips that actually grip the bag are rubber coated.
It's higher quality than it needs to be but I find that satisfying and typical of OXO products.
We recently ordered and received another batch of these high-performance clips from Oxo.
We already had a set from years back.
I came to write a review and started scanning reviews and was startled at how many less-than-fair star ratings are accumulating and read them.
DON'T be concerned about purchasing these clips, just look forward to receiving them.
for toddlers.I'm not for binder clips in the kitchen).
If there were a higher rating than five-stars I would give the highest rating possible to this product.
I just don't like to see product ratings that are low due to unrelated issues of the product.
Good clips - not the cheapie kind you get at the dollar store.
These are well made and sturdy with a great grip.
Use them to close bags and hold messages.
The little magnet keeps them attached to any metal surface.
Those other so called bag clips crack and fall apart.
We use them for anything and have had them in the fridge and freezer.
They keep a nice tight seal and do not break in the freezer.
Much better then the junk ones we bought before these.
Well made, stylish, good looking clips with magnets.
You could feel that they are a little expensive if you are willing to shop around in a $ store.
A good filler item to get free shipping ;-).
You can stick them on the frig to hold things or use to close bags.
They are definitely a good item to buy!.
Yes, they are handy to have in the kitchen, they stick to a refrigerator and the side of a stove.
I use them to grab all sorts of items I need to keep handy when I am testing antique recipes.
oven mitts, notes, recipe cards, small bags of spices.
And then there are the general uses, the logical ones that come to mind...closing bags of chips and crackers.
I love that they stick to the fridge so I am always able to find them.
The colors are great, but it would be nice if more colors were available.
Before I bought these clips I used generic blue clippers that were given to me as a promotion for AARP.
I didn't know there was a commercial product I could buy to close bags and anything else I needed closed.
Well I saw these at the supermarket and bought them to see if they worked.
I am buying five sets today from Amazon for less than the supermarket charges and their in pretty colors to boot.
The ones I bought previously were only in white.
These work so well to close bags within their boxes like cracker and cereal bags.
I am giving a set to each of my daughters and daughter in laws.
Oxo has a winner with these.Small and convenient.
There is a size or two up that I like the best from Oxo however.
These work well for small bags and notes stuck to the fridge.
The only beef I have with them is that the magnet strength is too weak.
Bump this while walking past your fridge and they'll fall to the floor.Otherwise, a good overall clip.
They are also washable, so greasy kitchen finger prints are not a problem.
I agree with reviewer Jill, this is one of the most functional gadgets in my kitchen.
I have 2 sets, one black &amp; one white, and I just ordered a 3rd set in multicolor.
They're great for all kinds of food bags: coffee, cat food, cereal, pasta, rice, anything that comes in a bag.
I have one on my front door to hold notes or letters to be mailed.
I have one on my refrigerator for notes &amp; grocery lists.
I use them in my home office as giant paperclips to hold stacks of papers.
I use them in the bathroom on bags of cotton balls &amp; other supplies.
There seems to be no end to the uses!.
These clips are excellent - brightly colored, high quality, and they grip onto anything.
They won't change your life, but they're extremely handy.
They last, and they maintain a tight grip rather than losing their &quot;spring&quot; after repeated use.
The bright colors are also attractive, and the fact that they double as refrigerator magnets is a nice twist.
I received these clips as a stocking stuffer.
What a great IDEA and a great GIFT.
They are more durable then the wide plastic clips I have used in the past.
They are in bright fun colors and the design is attractive.
BONUS!  These clips are easy to find, they have attached magnents allowing them to store right on my fridge!.
These are not real strong in my opinion.
i love the colors and they work well for light weight items and small bags!.
I have a kitchen full of OXO and I am still buying more.
I love these colorful bag clips as they are also have magnets to keep them handy.
I just love these things!  I have had this set for about 4 years and not one has broken.
Only one has broken and since they stick to the fridge I have not even lost one of the clips.
Like the 3 bears, I love a bowl of porridge in the morning.
Second only to weevil infestation is staleness, and odour from other products stored in the same cupboard as the oats.
These Clips keep my oats fresh and tasty.
Incredible, but not surprising, considering the robust nature of these wonderful OXO Bag Clips.
I've stopped using those chip clips which slide off, and you also have to fiddle with them to get them on.
At this price, you can afford to try the clips out.
If you need bag clips, and who doesn't, these are for you.
The magnetic base allows you to store them on the fridge and the heavy spring should last a long while.
I have a few "chip bag type clips" and they really are not as good as these new Oxo Good Grips clips.
They don't slip off like those "other" bag clips.
You know the ones.For bags of chips and everything else.
Also keeps the bags of frozen veggies from spilling in the freezer!~The Rebecca ReviewP.S.
I ordered these again and they look like the top picture not the optional picture.
The magnets are handy, and you can fit a bunch in a small space.
You can get cheaper chip clips, but you truly get what you pay for.
I felt very proud of myself when I found some copy-cat oxo clips at a dollar store.
These are very secure and never bend or get out of shape.
I've bought several packs and have had some of them for years.
I have plenty of room on my fridge for storage.
But not very much in cupboards and drawers.
So some genius came up with the idea of sticking magnets on these babies, and they haven't gotten lost in our house since.
I wish my walls were magnetic and more products could just be stuck on there for storage.
I have had the WORST luck with wire cheese slicers , regardless of  whether they were purchased at the grocery store or gourmet cooking shop.
I actually had a $20.00 slicer fall apart with  its  very first use.
It worked well  on cheddar, monterey jack, colby, colby jack and mozerella.
Since getting my first item from OXO Good Grips (the potato masher), I have become obsessed with this brand.
I intend to replace some of my crappy utensils and end up with mostly items by this brand.
What's that you say?  You're hankerin' for a hunk of cheese?  Well you'll need something to cut it with...that's for sure.
This baby will take care of that for you.
Use the slices to top your famous tuna noodle casserole.
Powdered donuts?  No way!  Burgers?  Now you're talking fun!  Good gracious those grips are good.
I have bought several OXO products in the past.
OXO makes the best products and this slicer is no exception.
"UPDATE" This cheese cutter wire has pulled out of it's pinned hole in the handle.
I was using it on Mozzarella cheese for pizza.
The roller fell out along with the pin that held the wire in place.
Since I bought it  2012 I have used it approx.
I've had one of these for a while now that replaced a P-3, a cheap tin hand cranked one and an old electric countertop model.
I have never had the wheel  &quot;skid&quot; off the rim yet.
I even take this one camping with me.
(Gotta open those beans; remember blazing saddles?)Oxo really has built  the better mouse trap.
I have been searching for a good can opener for years now.
It's amazing how many subpar can openers there are out there.
Part of the problem is that I have arthritis.
While most everyday tasks don't give me trouble, using a can opener does.
I see that others have had the locking mechanism break, I really hope I get lucky with mine.
This is a very well designed can opener that makes a big difference in the kitchen for me.
This is probably the best can opener I've ever had - and I've tried many.
I like the lock and the turn mechanism on the side.
The oxo good grips locking can opener is just amazing.
It never walks off the can...has an easy grip, and the locking mechanism is easy to set and free.
I buy these by the dozen to give to friends.
Much better than any manual OR electric can opener!.
It is perfect and if it every goes out on me I will purchase another one just like it.
I hate using electric can openers, because I have limited counter space.
I'm at a loss to understand the negative reviews of this product here on Amazon.
I've had one for two or three years now, and I think it's one of the best kitchen tools I ever bought.
And the locking mechanism means I don't have to keep squeezing while I turn the easily-grasped turning knob.This thing is well-designed and well-constructed.
It cuts smoothly and holds the can securely.
This is a well made and very useful tool!.
This can opener has been terrific!  It is easy to place on the can and turns very easily.
I was a bit skeptical about this can opener, but I am glad I made the investment.
It was time to get a new can opener and I bought the right one.This is the first manual can opener I have ever liked.
I can just put it on the can, squeeze, turn and unlock when the can is open.
Other manual can openers I have used seem to need precision when placing them on the can, but not this one.
I like the fact that it locks and I don't have to keep squeezing.
I would recommend this one especially for anyone who needs a can opener that is easy and simple to use.
We have an older model at home and use almost daily.
We went through several other brands at the cabin before finding this one.
We had already thrown several others in the trash.
Great can opener for easy handling and operation.
I live in a rural area and use A LOT of canned goods.
I had bought this same one about 12 years ago and the twisty handle finally broke off.
I had to buy the same exact one becasue I love how easy it makes opening a can.
I would recomend this can opener to all.
We have tried can openers from every manufacturer, this is the only one tht totally works with no hassel.
Sometimes the stress of choosing the perfect gift is just too much.
So whether Valentine's Day is looming /OR/ a  "significant"  birthday.
perhaps you should go with Solomon and choose both?For under $25.
you can leave the choice to your beloved: either a Black OXO, or a Black SWING-AWAY.
Yours will be a happier household and that counts for plenty on these special occasion days that pop up all too often.
I bought this for my daughter's birthday, because she had been laughing about breaking so many dollar store can openers.
She likes it, and says it works about as well as my Pampered Chef clean edge can opener.
I prefer this design because you don't end up with sharp edges on your can lids, thus reducing the chances of cut fingers.
I've had my Oxo Good Grips Locking Can Opener for years, and am just now looking at purchasing a second one.
I still get a can opened eventually, but I've been spoiled with an opener that used to work flawlessly.
We used this can opener at my cousin's house, and ordered one as soon as we got home.
My wife uses it, primarily, to open pet food cans for our dogs and cat.
We have tried electric and mechanical can openers, none of which worked very well.
It opens any can we've tried it on without missing a beat.
This can opener is still going strong in 2011.
This product is definitely worth the purchase price.
Using it this week since i purchased it, I keep thinking that I should have bought this long ago.
I have had this can opener for at least a year now and my lock is still intact.
However after a year of frequent use I am now finding that the gears that actually latch onto the can are slipping off.
All I can say about the loch is be gentle it is only plastic.
Works well and does not require the hand strength of a giant to get the job done--what more need be said?.
This opener is really easy to use and it works very well.
I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 since I don't know how long it will last.
(I've had really bad luck buying can openers lately--one refused to work when I brought it home from the store.).
For the persons who bought and reviewed this procudt badly 10 YEARS ago, would u like to buy and try again.
:c)  I have to use these every time I make something.
They are constantly being washed, either in the sink or dishwasher.
I have really abused these things at times.
I like the plastic construction which does not give my  ingredients a metallic taste like conventional aluminum cups can.
These  clean up easy and the handles are coated allowing for an easy and secure  grip even when your hands are wet.
These tools are either a baker or a person who cannot bake...very easy to be used.
I have to admit that I purchased these cups to bump up an order ...so I could receive free shipping.
I was looking for something cheap to fill the order.
I hadn't thought about replacing my old cups before.
However, I'm glad to have these measuring cups, as they are very durable and well made.
I like the color coded measurements on the handle.
Over the last few years we have taken to drinking a bottle of wine with dinner nearly every day.
We have almost every type of corkscrew made, from the big, bulky Houdini to the super simple waiters' model.
We even got an electric one as a gift.
The Oxo one is a butterfly model, designed to make opening wine bottles idiot-proof.
It's almost there - we found it easy to use.
And if your hands are wet a lot, or slightly arthritic, I can see how this may be a great choice.
Nothing terrible, but definitely one of the slower ways to open a bottle.
If you're a lush like us, your best bet is on of the articulated waiter's models.
Once mastered, those will open a bottle as fast as a houdini, without all the bulk.
However, if you're an occasional drinker, or want to get something for an older person, the Oxo is an excellent choice.
It's ideal for anyone seeking their first corkscrew or a spare, say, for the picnic kit.
The product I received has a cut-out window so you can see the cork coming out.
The wings are also slightly smaller and do not wrap all the way around as pictured.
I have uploaded an alternate picture for reference.
Credit due, as one of John LeCarre's characters quips in "The  Russia House", to the winged corkscrew.
And chief among the  convenient and effortless gadgets I have been given to speed me on my way  is this terrific little winged corkscrew.
The metal screw has a slick coating of something like Teflon that reduces friction as it goes in and is  removed from the cork.
What else can I say, this opens a bottle of wine with ease, and seems well made.
This is truly like cutting thru hot butter.
Even if you haven't cut off the foil top, this one pulls the cork out easily, releases easy, and is THE BEST.
The first time that I used this corkscrew I thought it was going to break but so far it has held up well.
Since it is made of plastic I was hesitant to apply too much pressure but it is tougher than it looks.
I like the Teflon coating on the screw and the fact that it's dishwasher safe.
This corkscrew gets the job done and is priced very well.
You push the screw through the cork exactly /once/ and the whole entire thing pops out in one feel swoop.
Unlike other corkscrews, you don't need to repeatedly screw the thing into the cork to pull out the cork.
If you have trouble with corks, this is your new BFF.
Once it's firmly embedded you grasp the wing-like handles and push them down.
It's a nifty-looking design that makes opening bottles very easy on my hands despite my tendonitis.
Thus far this corkscrew has been one of my better acquisitions, no more corks shredding or ending up floating in my bottle of wine.
I like that, but the jury is out as of yet to see how long the plastic parts hold up.
I'm a big fan of most OXO products.
This wine opener is not as slick as most OXO products I have.
My other wine opener has much less plastic and has been very durable (had for several years).
I prefer my other corkscrew I bought on Amazon for around same price.h.
The OXO makes opening a bottle of wine or oil effortless.
I try not to be "that guy" but when your corkscrew looks this good it is hard not to demonstrate.
I read a few negative reviews about this corkscrew that are critical of the build quality.
I'm not sure exactly what type of polymer it's made of, but it's not "cheap plastic".
Yes, it's very lightweight and made of something not metal, but whatever it's made of is very strong and durable.
I like OXO products, and this easy-to-use corkscrew is no exception to that rule.
The matte-black plastic is on the plain side, and could use the aesthetics of the OXO Steel lineup.
Time will tell if the plastic body holds up to regular use, I'll update if the corkscrew breaks.
So while it won't fit in my pocket, it is Recommended.
This is a very good winged corkscrew  quite easy to use.
This is probably just as sturdy as anything else that is out there these days.
The plastic does seem a bit flimsy to an old person like me because I remember when all plastics were  flimsy.
I am Arthritic but had  no trouble a tall using it.
It's affordably priced, is very effective at removing corks, and...dare I say...even a little bit fun to use.
I haven't used this one, but it seems to have pretty good reviews.
The Oxo Good Grips Winged Corkscrew is, indeed, easy to use.
The nonstick coating on the screw makes it easy to slide into the cork and the knob is wide and easy to grasp.
I can only suggest that buyers retain their sales receipt in case of breakage, since Oxo does offer replacement or refund.
So far we've had no need of that.
I'll admit it - I own the $200 Leverpull because it's prettydoggone cool.
Very, very pleased with the ease at how this works.
The results are better than I initially imagined.
Most of the time my wife and I use the bowl as our server, just add some dressing and we're ready to go.
wow this is a truly amazing salad spinner.
it keeps washed leaves fresh & crisp for a long time (5 days is the longest ive tried before eating them).
usually, we would try different ways of washing & storing lettuce but even after 2 days it would get soggy & brownish.
this makes eating salad into an easy meal.
so this has totally increased the salad consumption in our household (& we are mostly vegetarian!).
now its fun to try making new dressings each time.oh yeah, before i forget, slice avocado in your salad!.
Years, and years ago my Daddy who was a fantastic gardener gave me a fantastic salad spinner, but after many, many spins it gave out.
I bought at least three spinners after that--all went to the dump.
I expect to have this spinner working for me the rest of my life.
Salad spinners are great at getting most of the moisture off freshly washed greens.
I kept the outside plastic bowl from my older spinner because it's still in very good shape and is useful as a salad bowl.
I got tired of purchasing the already shredded/cut romaine for salads.
So decided to go the way of getting the better priced lettuce and do it myself.
Well, I am not a real kitchen person so whatever I purchased was going to have to be easy and simple.
Easy to work and boy does it work.
So I can now keep rinsing and spinning until the lettuce rinses clean and clear.
My only problem is the difficulty I have in cleaning the insert of lettuce "bits"of lettuce.
Holding them under the faucet doesn't remove all of them as they get caught in between the lattice work of the spin bowl.
But that being said, it should not really affect your decision.
So much better to work a little getting bits out now and then, then to get e.
Perhaps even putting the pre cut lettuce into this thing, wash and spin is a great idea to.
Usually when traveling It is a pain to deal with  lettuce and salads, so we purchased ready made salads or went out to eat.
Getting a head of lettuce on the road and using this smaller version of this should do the trick!.
Had a cheap salad dryer for years, but was always bothered by the chemicals in the plastic.
This brand makes their products safely, so I decided to switch.
It is an excellent design and does the job!.
This salad spinner is durable and easy to use.
It has a lock so you can keep the pump portion down for storing, which is a nice feature.
The cleaning of it is simple and it works really well for my salad drying needs.
Pros: Dries my salad greens and vegetables through the magic of centrifugal force.Cons: Doesn't spin fast enough for uranium enrichment.
I am the author of a series of cookbooks and have used this OXO spinner -- after using many others -- for about three years.
It gets daily use and has never failed us.
It's easy to clean and store and it really gets the moisture off the lettuce and other vegetables like beans, carrots and so on.
I highly recommend this product for anyone who's serious about making great salads.
It is much sturdier than the ones I've used in the past.
It spins well and really gets the water off.
I like that the handle collapses so I can use this as the lid in the refrigerator.
The OXO Good Grips does a really good job at drying my fruits and vegetables.
The only complaint I have is that I would like to get it started and let it spin while I do something else.
It isn't a delicately balanced "machine;" it will rock and walk if left alone.
For the price, I'm not complaining - it is a great spinner.
This is the third salad spinner my wife and I have purchased.
The other 2 worked great out of the box, but soon they both stopped working.
This OXO spinner was noticably different the first time we used it.
Inner bowl lifted out easily and we drained the water.
Spun again to try to get it as dry as possible and it got a little more, but not too much was left.
We drained the bowl of water, then tossed the salad into the main bowl to use as out serving bowl.
We like to make a lot of salad so we had leftovers.
Just to test it, we left the salad (romaine and radicchio)in the bowl with the lid on and put it in the fridge.
I was still nice and crisp 4 days later when we decided to just eat it.
So far so good with this spinner, but if any problems come up I will update.
The color brightens up our kitchen, and it's fun to use.
Very easy to use with the push vs cranking spinner.
I also like that it has a &#34;brake&#34;.
I could not be happier with this product!! I use it daily for all sorts of greens, cut up veggies and herbs.
It works like a charm! Its smooth and really gets most of the water off the produce! I highly recommend this product!.
I read several reviews on which one to go with and decided to give this one a try.
Buy this one it is excellent and I love it.
I bought this as a gift for someone - and I'm a bit envious as I have the original white one.
This one is gorgeous!  I love this salad spinner because it works.
The pull-string type reverse direction with each pull of the cord and you can never get up to a sufficient speed.
This newer model also has a snap out lid liner for easy rinsing.
My ancient salad spinner finally gave out, so I decided it was time to upgrade.
So glad I did, the push button is way easier than the crank handle thing I use to have.
So, I'll try the green and hope the color doesn't change noticeably!.
We had the previous incarnation of this salad spinner with the more rounded bowl, and it finally gave out after years of faithful service.
Well, it's not flimsy at all, in fact it's sturdier than the old basket, just has a transparent quality.
So far it's working fine, but given the warnings about the mechanism, I'm just being careful not to really pound on it.
The plastic bowl is an attractive shape, and until it gets beat up, would actually be a really serving bowl for a salad.
I like the pump instead of a crank handle which can be awkward.
This item really does the job it dries the salad items so that the dressing sticks and does not become watery.
Its mechanism is simple, and holds up well.
And now with this green color, all the people with boring white will be jealous.
(These devices are to dry freshly washed lettuce in case you've always wondered about there purpose...).
doesn't get up to super speed, but does the job and has alot of capacity.
I use it on store bought pre-made salads.
Very stable  - this is the key selling point of this over other designs with smaller bases which wobble when spun.
Like the lock down top which saves valuable storage space.
Bought it as it was recommended by America's test kitchen as the best one on the market.
Cool gadget, but kind of a luxury item for a cook who already has it all.
It takes up lots of cabinet space, but you could use the bowl as a mixing bowl too.
Very easy to use, gets the job done quickly.
Does take up a little room to store (I'm always short on cabinet space) but at least it looks great sittin' on the counter!.
I have always liked salads but never liked preparing them.
No matter how much I dried the greens and veggies it always seemed like I ended up with a soggy salad and water downed dressing.
This is not the case any longer!This salad spinner works wonders.
I place the lettuce and chopped veggies right into the removable strainer section of the spinner and rinse under cold water.
I then place the strainer back into the spinner, place the top on and give it a couple of spins.
A few minutes later I have a perfectly dry salad ready to eat!The spinner is well constructed and feels solid.
The bowl doesn't move around the counter at all while it is spinning so you do not need to sit there and hold it still.
I also like the bowl under it, I rinse the veggies in the bowl and then dump them in the basket to spin.
All you have to do is pump the black knob and it spins all the water out.
I love that it is so easy to use!.
Bought this as a birthday present and the recipient said she loves it.
Gave it 5 stars because I have not heard anything bad about it from her.
At this time, I have not used my new &#34;OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner&#34;.
This is a perfect size for a few salads.
It holds more than I thought it would.
It is very efficient at getting the water out of the greens.
It is also nice and small to store.
I bought this while on a health kick, thinking it would make me eat more salad, and because I needed a crisper.
I use it occasionally, but I found cleaning it to be difficult.
I would recommend the smaller version, unless you have an extra large family.
I also don't find it to be a very good crisper--my lettuce lasts two days.
Why did I wait so long to get one of these?  It's one of my favorite pieces of equipment and I use it a lot.
Yes, this product does it's jb very well.
This is the first one I ever used, and really like it.
Although it is plastic, it seems very durable.
This salad spinner is the perfect size for 2 people.
It's easy to use, and the button can stay down to store it in tighter spaces.
All the pieces are lightweight and easy to clean.
I have been using this spinner for about 6 mos at least once a week.
I had a smaller spinner that would not hold a head of romaine lettuce.
A spinner any smaller than the OXO would not hold a head of romaine or green leaf lettuce.
My son the resident dishwasher that has broken lots of stuff has not broken this yet so I would have to say its pretty durable.
The 4-year old can operate it without it spinning off the counter.
It can process a lot of greens at one time.
Not all salad spinners are created alike, but this is up there with the best.
I love it!  Going to be buying several more for gifts.I've had this for about 6 months now.
We love salad and have been using our OXO salad spinner for over 4 years.
We have dropped the bowl several times and the various nicks and scratches have not been fatal to overall performance.It does its job well.
We love buying a fresh head of romaine to cut up and spin for our salad.
It seems so much more economical and tasty than the pre-packaged lettuce.We also find that the strainer acts as a handy colander in a pinch.
Does exactly what it is made to do and does it well, spins enough salad for 4 people at a time.
I didn't buy one for 2 years wondering if its something that would just sit and never be used now its used often.
This was also rated by Americas Test Kitchen 2012 as the best salad spinner.
Purchased this as a gift and they state the spinner works very well.
This is our second spinner of this type.
There are spinners out there that boast of washing and drying.
This kitchen gadget nut is also a clean freak.
I'll wash my veggies and berries by hand, thank you very much.
Then I use my trusty Oxo spinner to finish the job.
It is the best DRYER on the market, and I have used a lot of them.
The spinner continues on its axis long after the last pump.
There is a brake button to stop the action if you wish.
The large clear bowl seconds as a salad bowl, and when you are through you lock the pump down out of sight for better storage.
I had an old spinner that was large and had a pull cord that was cumbersome to use and clean.
It takes up less space and is still large enough for washing greens for a salad for my husband and I.
It gets the greens or lettuce dryer, too, and it stays stable on the counter while it's spinning.
I find it much easier to push the plunger than pull a cord.
Having used several different types of salad spinners over the years, I have to say that this is the best one yet.
Just push the plunger and let it spin away.
You can do other things while it works, as you don't have to hang on to it.
I saw this one at my sister's house.
Bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days.
I saw it at my local Target store for the same price.
So, if you don't want to drive to your local Target store.
Buy it here, it costs the same and you save time.
Saw this recommended on the sprout house website.
Compact and just the right size for sprouts of all kinds and of course smaller amounts of lettuce.
It's a workhorse that never fails to spin.
It's amazing that somebody finally did sell something what does exactly that it was advertised to do.
I've had other salad spinners and this one is far better.
Very easy to use and effective, the brake is a great feature.
I like mine so much I purchased one for my mother as well.
I just bought this item to replace a 8-year old Zyliss spinner b/c I couldn't separate the lid for cleaning.
I knew the OXO was a great product since I already had the smaller one which I use for blueberries, cherries, herbs, etc.
But, this large OXO is heavier than my Zyliss and it's difficult for this senior woman with slight arthritis to handle.
I used to "one hand" the Zyliss (even full), but I have to use both hands to carry the OXO empty.
If it was lighter, I'd give it 5 stars.
I got this as a gift for my Mom she is pretty health conscious and thought this would be a good gift for her.
She loves it and uses it quite a bit.
Believe it or not, this is my first salad spinner.
I've run about 4 heads of various types of greens through it so far.
I usually wash and tear the greens by hand, then use the spinner to dry.
Depending on how much water I've used, they are usually dry in one or two spins.
I drain the excess water from the bowl, replace the basket with the greens still inside, then continuing making my salad directly in the basket.
Any leftovers stay in the basket and are stored in the fridge.
The salads appear to stay fresher longer this way than if I had stored them in a bowl.
Like what some other reviewers have mentioned, this spinner does not dry the greens.
I use this spinner to get that water off and it does the trick.
I had an older salad spinner that had the horrible pull string on it.
I decided to try this one since OXO has never let me down.
In the summer, I grow lots of lettuce in my garden.
This spinnermakes it easier to clean and prepare salads everyday.Easy to use and clean.
One of the things I love most about Oxo is that it's not a company to rest on its laurels.
Even when they have a perfectly great product on the market, they look for ways to make it even better.
This is good for both washing veggies as well as drying them.
Safe, easy and fun for kids to help out with in the kitchen.
I find the large size useful for getting the water out of small laundry items too.Doesn't have the stupid string to break.
I have used this salad spinner for about 5 years and really like it.
I recently purchased one for my sister as she was complaining about the cheap one she has.
It works better than any others I have used, but like all of them can be a bit difficult to clean.
I just rinse it thoroughly right after use so that nothing dries inside it.
Good spinner but like so many of them, once it gets spinning it can move around a bit on a counter.
You have to hold it still or put on a dish towel.
I like that you can easily take the lid apart in one motion to wash the inside of the lid.
I am not a fan of the brake button as I believe it causes the plastic to wear and eventually get into your salad.
I just spin it and let it stop on it's own.Overall, it's just what I expected.
My last one wore out after several years.
This one seems to have been improved since the last one so I am mostly happy with it.
OXO makes solid products and nothing lasts forever.
What can I say that has not already been said.
I purchased the Mini because I have limited cabinet space and usually am cooking for 2 or less.
This thing is amazing, works like a charm.
I only wish that you could by additional strainers so I could use as temporary storage while I am spinning something else.
I'm really glad I opted for the Mini and will likely buy a second one.
The size is perfect and holds more than what you'd probably anticipate from the picture.
Amazon offers a great priced compared to other retailers on this (unless you get a 30% coupon at Kohls).
very satisfied with this product; easy to use and really gets moisture out of leafy vegetables.
I was resisting getting a Salad Spinner for a while (never saw the point).
Caved in and finally got one, and I really am impressed with how fast it dries the lettuce/spinach/etc.
(vs the papertowel method I was using before).
I love how this one works as a storage and an attractive serving bowl as well.
I washed and spun 2 heads of lettus in no time flat with this gizmo.
I love that the pump mechanism can be stored locked down and the little black braking button is a really nice touch.
This is a great kitchen item to have, it really gets out the extra water and allows your favorite dressing to cling to the salad.
I do enjoy salads, but I don't enjoy all the prep work cleaning the greens for the salads.
I can't believe how simple it is to use.
Rinse greens, put in spinner, pump the handle a few times and then hit the button.
When you take off the lid, you have clean and 'just moist' greens.
Let's face it, organic spinach is filthy!  It is usually splattered with mud and grit.
So in the past, it took several rinsings in a colander before the water ran clear.
Now, I have clean, organic greens in about 45 seconds.
And given the design, the greens are not in contact with the dirty water.
now all you have to do is dress the salad.Oh, the size of the clear bowl makes a great serving bowl for parties.
I prepare a salad, put the lid on, depress the pump, lock it into place, and then set the whole container in the refrigerator.
Then, when guests arrive, I can take it out from the 'frige, remove the lid, and have enough salad to feed a small army.
Though with clean, no-soggy greens, who's gonna have leftovers?.
I had a previous Oxo salad spinner, and after 10+years, it finally gave up the ghost.
So I got a new one.This one is better than my previous one.
It is more secure when in use, and it is much easier to clean.
Better than others I have tried, as the spinning motion is imparted by pushing down on the spinner,which helps keep it in place.
Really like this salad spinner; it is really easy to use.
It definitely does a good job when it comes to draining the water off of the salad greens!.
I received this as a gift and was initially tempted to return it based on past poor experiences with salad spinners.
Very glad that I kept it -- it works well and is very easy to use.
With the salad spinner, the plunger can be locked in the down position to make it easier to store.
It's a lot easier to push down on a plunger than grasp a knob or pull a string.Highly recommend!.
I bought this one as a wedding shower gift but I have the same model that I have used for years.
It holds up nicely and you can put it in the dishwasher.
It can be used for more than just lettuce too.
Makes my life so easy! I often buy red or green leaf lettuce instead of bagges lettuce and this works so well after washing.
No more wet salads or trying to dry off veggies with paper towels.
the brake is genius, and the handle will lock down flat if you need to save space.
Aggravated for the last time, I was very happy to see this come on a gold box offer.
It's small for a larger leaf lettuce such as romaine, but I tore it up in smaller pieces and away it went.
I love the mini version of this salad spinner.
It holds enough greens for a couple of dinner salads, works very well, and it's easy to store because of the smaller size.
Mine has been going strong for a couple of years.
I love it for washing and drying herbs from the garden in the summer.
By luck, I encountered this larger sized Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner.
After trying the Oxo's efficient, easy to use push-down plunger, and its no-wobble action, I was sold on the spot.
The 20th Century Zyliss went into the Goodwill box.
Now I use this 21st Century, much improved Oxo salad spinner.
It takes just a few seconds to do this.
The nearly vertical bowl saves space when storing...I like that.
It is easy to clean and easy to use.
From what I have read, Oxo is famed for its readiness to refund your money, or replace items, if you are not totally satisfied.
If you have questions, please reply in the Comment section below...I would be glad to help.________________________________________________________________________________________________________________MY NEW BLOG: thegoodstuffreviews.blogspot.com.
love the wider base and straighter sloped sides.
much more stable on the counter to pump up reaching G force speeds.
This is my first spinner and so far, so good.
It works well for its purpose so I have no problems.
Very easy to assemble and take care of.
It gets all the water off after washing it and I found it is very easy to clean after each use.
Easy to use, easy to clean, removes a lot of water.
Easy to use, easy to clean and it works fast.
I have always washed my salad greens and shook them out in a dishcloth--this works fine but the salad spinner is definitely a convenience tool.
Depending on the type of lettuce, it generally needs about 3 spins.
I empty the water left in the bowl after spinning, but I think leaving the water on the bottom might keep the salad crisper.
I don't think it really makes a difference.
It keeps for days and I just re-rinse and re-spin when I need more.
The lettuce is kept perfectly crisp and fresh.
I thought it might be too big for 2 people, but it isn't.
I am sure the smaller one would work just as well and I may get that for herbs or veggies.
A very handy tool, and not a gimmick.
I take the interior basket outside to put them in, then wash them.
Oxo makes great products (I have many), and I especially I love my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner.
I've had it for six years now and use it all the time.What I like about it is, well, everything.
Just used it for the first time and was very happy about how well it dried my lettuce.
I have had a spinner before, but with a crank, but this is so much better.
This sure beats using a towel as I had been doing!Also, the brake works well, and the top comes apart for a thorough cleaning.
And I'm glad I bought the larger size.
We love the fast pumping action and the quick brake stop feature.
Definitely on the top shelf of things you need to keep handy in the pantry.
This item works really well for spinning lettuce and spinach leaves for salads.
GREAT SALAD SPINNER!  I LOVE THE FACT THAT YOU DON'T HAVE TO MANUALLY SPIN IT...JUST PUSH THE BUTTON AND IT DOES ALL THE WORK.
IT ALSO HAS A VERY NICE CLEAN LOOK.
I assumed you were paying for the oxo name with this product, but a year+ on it has been the best spinner I have had.
It works well, has a nice stopping feature and is easier to spin than other models I have used.
I especially like that it can be disassembled to allow for the components to try out (less bacteria buildup).
I have the mini version of this salad spinner.
I would not actually use the term "mini" to describe it, since it does hold a lot of lettuce.
I just rinse it off when done (easy for quick weeknight dinners).
I like the operation of this product (push down) better than the large Zyliss spinner that I own that has a pull-string.
The small Oxo spinner is also great for drying blueberries.
Works great with salad and larger items such as: fruits and vegetables.
I buy quality kitchen tools and cooking equipment.
This product is no different.This product in person is much more substantial and built with quality than one may think from the photos.
In our house, I might do most of the cooking, but my wife is the Salad Queen.
We buy some greens, prep them, spin them, make a salad, and leave the rest in the spinner, in the fridge.
The leftover greens also last much longer than the bagged goods.
I use my OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner every day for the last 20 years or so.
Today, I thought I wonder if someone invented a better salad spinner.
So I checked and this one is still rated #1 and mine still works as good as the day I purchased it.
I guess there is no improving on perfection.
I had read that water on some vegetables while in the refrigerator can speed up thedegrading process.
I knew it was a good idea to wash all vegetables before eating.The solution is a salad spinner.
Since we are on a diet, buying those bags of salad mix is getting expensive.
With this I tear up a head of lettuce and rinse it out and within a minute of spinning, I have clean, dry lettuce.
And it's like a toy top, fun to play with.
The handle recedes to make it less tall to put away.
This is the one Alton Brown recommends in his book "Gear for your Kitchen.".
It is for a large amount of salad, and the bowl doubles as a serving piece, looks great on the table.
It spins the salad very dry, and stores well, the spinner knob, locks down for storage.
This product should be marketed to the Chinese diaspora.
Frankly, everyone in Asia needs to be introduced to this product.
What a good deal this salad spinner is.
You can't beat this jewel!  It's durable, easy to use, easy to clean, and it does a great job.
Like any other salad spinner, hold it steady with your free hand while it is spinning.
nothing to it!  To clean it afterward, I usually just rinse out the bowl and strainer and let them air dry.
But once every few days or so, I might put them in the sink with soapy water for a real wash.
I've only used it a few times so far but it spins well and fast.
It's nice that the pump top collapses down for storage and the brake button is nice too.
My oh My!  This is the thing to have.
Works like a charm at spinning out water on lettuce.
Getting it dry makes it keep longer in the refrig.
Will replace with same product if this one wears out, which will be a long time from now.
Would make a great gift for a new bride.
This spinner does get a lot of water out after you spin it however the lettuce is still moist which I guess is expected.
I thought it would work a lot better.
This salad spinner is so amazingly centered! A single push and it keeps spinning for what feels like minutes.
I am late to the game on salad spinners.
This salad spinner has so many useful features.
The push top locks into place so it takes up less space.
So if yours is defective for any reason, there's no reason for you to be out any money.
The spinner works well, but unlike other spinners I've used, this one has no designated top to cover the salad once it's made.
You either have to find your own, or use the top with the spinning device.
We received this OXO Good Grip 32480 salad spiner just in time because our old one was broken.
This one works very well and it is so easy to operate.
The thickness of the outer bowl is more than adequate and feels like you could drop it without it breaking.
The pump mechanism works very well without the need to press very hard or often.
I decided to purchase the lettuce keeper and the lettuce knife because of the reputation for quality from OXO.
I also own a tea kettle from OXO and really like it for all the same reasons, build quality, design, etc.
If you're in the market for a great salad spinner I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this model.
This is the best salad spinner that I have ever owned.
It is a little pricier than others, but as the saying goes..."You get what you pay for.".
I think I should have a salad tonight but don't because it is so much bother to make.
Saw this do hickey and said "why not try it".
Even when I am real lazy at dinner time I make salads.
You put all your lettuce and veggies in the spinner and run water up to the brim.
I usually add ice and make everything cold and crisp.
Pick up the basket and dump the water and ice in the sink.
Then put the lid on and spin away.
Everything is ready to dump into the salad bowl.
When you spin this gizmo doesn't even walk on you.
I saw a salad spinner used on America's Test Kitchen, checked to see what they recommended, and bought this one.
I've used it a lot and recommend it to all my friends and family who  help me cook when we get together.
Once they use it they are just as impressed as I am.
Perfect for a small family and doesn't hog up all the cupboard space.
This is without a doubt the one of the best, and I've actually tried a few.
I've had mine for four years now and it still WORKS as good as the day I bought it.
Never mind comments about it being too bulky(smaller versions are available).
If you make a lot of salads, this is a must have.
It's sturdy and wrings salad dry within 1-2 spins.
Most importantly, no awlful hand cranks that can brake off.
For this kind of quality,it's worth every penny.
I looked at a lot of salad spinners and tried several models out at Wal-Mart, William-Sonoma et al.
Keep in mind you press down on the top.
Do not pound it, it spins with little pressure.
After it begins to spin, you can add pressure and increase speed.
This way you do not over stress parts.
This is a good product for drying out vegetables.
It takes much less time to spin this than to pat lettuce dry.
I really like the way you can use the spinner without having the bear hug it to hold it down.
No water on the counter is also nice.
Both can be used for other things such as spining the seeds out of tomatoes (yes, you do have to cut them first).
We got this as a gift some time ago for our daughter.
This product has been used a LOT, works superbly well, and has LASTED.
More than we can say for most things we buy now-a-dayz.
It's just like it's bigger brother and works exactly the same.
Easy to use, very effective and great looking.
I've tried the others - string pulled and cranked - and this is simply the best.
This allows the dirt to settle to the bottom.Then we lift the latticework bowl out and pour out the water.
Put it back into the now-empty clear plastic bowl, and top with the funky-looking lid.
Lift off the top, and you're done!The only minor problem is that it's hard to dry everything off.
The top mechanism is enclosed, and it's likely to get at least a little wet inside during the spinning process.
You just have to put it in a rack and wait for it to dry - you can't dry the inside with a towel.
Likewise, it's tough to dry the latticework bowl with a towel because of all those nooks and crannies.
The clean up on this product is incredibly easy and sturdiness of the product is much better than other spinners.
I have owned many salad spinners and they all typically break within a year.
This Oxo spinner has been going strong for over 1.5 years now and it still looks brand new!.
Well-manufactured, excellent design, useful salad spinner has been utilized since I unpacked the box.
Works perfectly every time, has had a lot of use, going on 7 years old, and still performs well.
Cleans up easily, stores easily--and washes/dries the greens thoroughly! Highly recommended!.
I especially liked the suction cups that hold the spinner to the counter top during the spinning process.
I found that lettuce truly does last longer and tastes fresher than the salad mix in a bag that I typically purchased.
I wanted this for so long, but didn't want to find a place in my kitchen to store it.
I always hated washing salad and waiting forever for the leaves to dry enough to put it away.
Plus, I then store the salad in it and it is perfect.
Still a bit costly, but it should last a long, long time.
I saw this product on several of those Food Network cooking shows.
I'm naturally suspiscious of products endorsed by tv hacks because I assume it's a conflict of interest - the manufacturer is probably a paid sponsor.
Well in the case of any of the Oxo products that I've seen on these programs I have to say they SHOULD recommend them HIGHLY.
The Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner is an absolute winner!  Simply the best salad spinner that I've used.
Like all the Oxo products I've purchased this salad spinner is well made, is easy to use, actually works, and is reasonably priced.
Don't waste your time even looking at any other salad spinners, trust me, you can't do any better than the Oxo Good Grips.
Should wash all veggies from the supermarket, even if the bagged salads say they are pre-washed.
And, the outer bowl becomes your salad bowl.
I haven't used it much yet but so far so good.
It stores well in our fridge which is nice.
It works very well for cleaning, drying and storing lettuce from the garden.
Even if you just need to dry your socks this works fantasitcally!  It washes, dries and stores well.
This is the second one we've bought (the first was disassembled by our kiddo) and love it just as much.
Dig it!  Get some salad spinner!  Get some :-)Seriously though, it works great.
It kind of limits how much solid matter you can put there while still putting the lid on fully.
if you fill with cauliflower, you have to leave a dip in the center for the lid to sit all the way down.
I've eaten a heck of a lot more salad since buying this product.
That alone should tell you that it's a good product.
However, I'll expand on that with some more details.Pros:- Salad keeps a LOT longer.
No more of those mushy pieces at the bottom of the bag/bowl.
It all stays nice, crisp, and fresh.- It's extremely easy to wash.
Use the colander to wash it, then put it in the spinner and empty out the water.
Simple.- Put the colander in, attach the lid, and press the button a few times.
It's easy to do and gets most of the water off without extra work.- Doesn't slide around on the counter or move.
You can just press the button a few times and let it go.- Very easy to clean.
No nooks, crannies, or crevices for stuff to get into.Cons:- The "stopper" button doesn't function very well any more.
It's been about 4 months, and it feels like it is wearing down.
It's not a big deal since it does stop on its own eventually.
After researching a bunch of spinners I settled on this one because of the reviews.
It really spins the water out and I can put alot of veggies in this at once.
The water catching bowl is great to use as a big salad serving bowl too.
The only con is it's size: It's huge.
BUT, that's also what I like about it, that it's so big it can spin lots of stuff at once.
It quickly, and effectively, spin dries the lettuce and looks good doing it.
We received one of these salad spinners as a gift 10 years ago, and we use it on a regular basis.
This salad spinner will make it possible for the salad to be eaten entirely before the salad leaves expire, leaving no waste.
This product is well made, durable, easy to clean, fun to use, and it really does what it's supposed to do.
Yes, will have a yummy salad tonight, now that I don't have to dry lettuce leaves on paper towels anymore.
i had one before but don't know what happened to it......maybe I gave it away by mistake.
I was surprised how big the spinner was when I received it.
But its a perfect size since my family eats a lot of salad.
The only thing I didn't know about the spinner was, on the bottom there is no holes.
So don't add too much water when using it.
I started working nights and my wife does not cook so I had to start pre-making dinner.
This item has been a lifesaver to create fresh salads which can be stored.
I can use the bowl to ice bath the lettuce and then empty it into the collander and dry it.
I also use the bowl to then toss the salad with dressing.
This item also allows me to wash fresh fruit like starberries and grapes, then spin dry and store in tupperware for the week.
Don't skimp, get the big one, you will need it.
This one was a gift, but I have an identical one (although not green).
I use it all the time, and it works wonderfully.
It's a bit bulky to store, but I especially love it during the summer when I'm getting lots of fresh greens in my CSA share.
I wash them and dry them in this, and then I store them in this in the refrigerator.
It works perfectly as a crisper in the fridge, and keeps greens fresh and crisp up to two weeks, which is kind of amazing.
My husband and I do lots of cooking and had an OXO salad spinner for years.
It finally gave out and we replaced it with a salad spinner from another &#34;trusted brand name&#34;.
It broke within a week, the spin was so weak it didn't remove any moisture whatsoever.
I found this brand new and slightly restyled OXO and bought it immediately.
The OXO spins lettuce, cabbage, spinach quickly and easily.
With the new clear bowl you can see how much water is coming off of the freshly leaves.
I haver never used it but my wife can't say enough about how much easier and more efficient it is compared to our older model.
We love to have a fresh salad, especially in the spring, summer and fall when the produce is less expensive.
We always make sure that we thoroughly wash the produce to avoid any issues with contamination.
We use this all the time and it has held up very well.
This is a great product and well worth the money if you eat a lot of salads!.
I like it ,that's why I gave it 5 stars.
Unless of course I want to make people aware of a bad product.So if you don't see my name that means I liked it.
If I don't like it you will see me bitch.
I've held off on buying this for a long time because I had a hard time parting with $30 for a plastic bowl.
As you would expect from OXO, it's very well made.
OXO always has the best products--definitely the best value.
The top handle makes the bowl spin fast so the lettuce dries in no time.
It even has a little break to stop the bowl from spinning.
The large bowl is the perfect size for a bag of lettuce.
OXO has a smaller version to consider before you buy this unit.
I'm so glad I finally bought a salad spinner, and I have no complaints about OXO's salad spinner.
I use it for small herbs and lettuce as well as a temporary strainer (the inside part only, of course).
There's a rubber brake on the top to stop the spinning almost instantly.
If you cook with a lot of herbs or make a lot of salads, this item is extremely valuable to your kitchen collection.
I owned a more expensive salad spinner that gave out after a decade or so.
In October 2007 I ordered my first OXO Salad Spinner.It was used almost daily for five and a half years with no big problem.
My only negative is that cleaning the lid is difficult.Some strength is needed to press the tabs to separate the lid's two pieces.
The tabs on mine become brittle and one snapped off somewhere around 2010, but the spinner still did what it was supposed to do.
Repeated use, hard water and the dishwasher have clouded and pitted the bowl.
I am using the pending annual influx of summer house-guests as my reason for replacing my first OXO Salad Spinner.
The price is the same I paid in 2007.
We had crisp rust-free lettuce even after,lettuce count them.
I love this salad spinner, it spins really fast and does the best drying job of any others I have tried.
It really spins the salad leaves well with minimal effort.
I now use it every time I have salad.
NO MORE WET SALAD!In addition, there are multiple uses with the bowl.
Serve your salad in it, store your salad in it, etc.
Wheee!!! You get to watch the salad spin all around and the lettuce get dizzy.
Clear bowl makes for a good serving bowl too!.
This is a large rig that works well.
I find  some Oxo stuff a bit silly with all the big rubber handles, but this is well-designed.
It is the best thing I could of bought for my salads and sprouts.
I almost didn't buy it thinking I could do with out but I am so happy I changed my mind.
I would give it more then 5 stars if I could.
Uses one in one home and bought this one for the winter snowbird place so we have used it for quite a while.
I've used other spinners, they're alright, none of them is as good as the OXO spinner.I use mine regularly, and for all sorts of things.
Lettuce washes and dries nicely in here, but so does most produce whether cut or whole.
If you eat a lot of produce, this is absolutely worth the money, and not just a gimmicky device that will take up space.
Reading over some recent reviews I can't believe the belly aches.
Who puts a salad spinner in the dishwasher?  Just rinse the lettuce bits off and let it air dry.
This unit is well designed and comfortable to use.
Why do I give it only 4 stars?  After about 3 years the spinning mechanism on the lid came apart on mine.
I was able to snap it together but it periodically comes apart.
The act of pushing down hard on the mechanism over and over is just tough on a relatively cheap plastic object.
All salad spinners have some variant of this problem, though.
Pull cord ones get tangled or rotted cords.
Go with the Good Grips - they're easy on the hands.
This has got to be the best salad spinner ever, on that point I agree with all the other rave reviews.
The plastic will have some staining over time but doesn't effect the use of the product.
I would buy another any time I needed one.
The top pump part does lock down for easier storage.
It's rare that you get a product that exceeds your expectations.
This is one of those cases.I make a lot of salads and was really getting tired of waiting for the lettuce to dry.
This thing spins so fast and for so long after a few pushes of the button, it's amazing.
I took out my Arugula and spinach, and couldn't believe how dry it was.
I finally bought one of these so I could buy farmer market lettuce for $1, and it last for 2 to 3 meals.
I recently read that pre-washed lettuce was dirtier then regular lettuce, so I'll never go back to store bought pre-washed salad mix.
This thing is awesome and with over 300 reviews and a near perfect 5-star rating you already know this.
THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE SALAD SPINNER BUT CAVEAT EMPTOR!!! THE INSTRUCTIONS LEAVE A LOT TO BE DESIRED.
HOWEVER, IF THE BASKET IS NOT PLACED JUST SO, THE SPINNER WILL NOT TURN PROPERLY.
THIS WAS SO FRUSTRATING UNTIL 2 PEOPLE, ONE AN ENGINEER, FINALLY FIGURED OUT WHAT WAS WRONG.
THAT SAID, IT WORKS PERFECTLY FOR SMALL AMTS OF  GREENS.
THE ABILITY TO STORE THE  DRY LETTUCE IN THE SPINNER IS A PLUS.
HAVE NOT USED IT ON HERBS OR BERRIES YET BUT I AM SURE IT WILL BE GREAT.
I spent a long time buying bagged lettuce that seemed to go rotten the second I opened it.
Finally fed up, I got this salad spinner and haven't looked back.
You can fit a lot of lettuce in this and it keeps fresh for a good few days before it needs to be eaten.
I've definitely already saved more by buying lettuce heads and using this than the icky bagged stuff.
Oxo makes great products and this is no different.
I like the product and find it works very well.
I would recommend it to anyone who wants to wash lettuce with a very efficient washer.
How they called it large I'll never know as it is much smaller than the OXO.
Do not waste your money on the Chef'n or other wannabes, go with the OXO.
I feel even the bagged salads must now be washed also, especially after the spinich e.
I used to buy full leaf lettuce and wash then dry on papertowels individually.
This makes it so much easier! Bagged salads last longer when I store in here instead.
I buy a lot of bag salad, and in a day or two one can see how much moisture builds up inside.
I transfer the bags over to the spinner and it's no problem any longer.
Glad I took the advice of other reviewers, this is a definitely a well made spinner.
I am eating more salads now than ever.
I am very satisfied and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting a good salad spinner.
I also store my leftover salad right in the bowl in the fridge and it stays nice and fresh.
The cheaper ones do some good but not like this.
And, if you haveweak hands or arms or shoulder problems, this is for you!.
I grew up in a household in which no one had even heard of a salad spinner let alone used one.
I have worked for several years in the restaurant industry and I find having a salad spinner indispensable.
You get your greens much cleaner and they are nice and dry when you finish so the dressing doesn't slide off.
I use the outer bowl to soak the greens in and then I dump them in the strainer part and spin away.
You will wonder what you did before you owned this.
The unit is easy to take apart and clean (it really only requires a quick rinse).
I got this for my son for Christmas and we gave it a try one night before he took it home.
It did a great job spinning the water out.
It's very sturdy, but I used the bowl as a mixing bowl once and the inside got lots of visible scratches.
I bought my spinner from Amazon in 2003 for not too much less than they cost now.
It makes the salads much more pleasant to eat.
I've also used this to store washed salad in the refrigerator.
I already had the larger salad spinner but added this one after my children moved off.
The smaller size does not require as much dishwasher space and is perfect when cooking for one or two.
We had a pull cord style we hated as it wore out quickly.
Our second one was a kitchenaid and we liked it well enough and felt lucky that it lasted a year.
This one is great--the plunger feels like it will last a lifetime and the bowl keeps the lettuce crisp when we use it for storage.
My one complaint is that the bowl is on the small side.
We've had three different salad spinners in the last 10 years.
I know, control freak but it is my kitchen.
It is so much easier to use than the other ones we had.
Some other models have holes in the bottom for the water to drain out as you spin.
The problem is that they leak if you don't have it over the sink.
The knob is a comfortable rubber (like most Oxo products).Highly recommended for rinsing and drying lettuce and other vegetables.
bought it figuring I wouldn't use it that often -- I was wrong.
I not only use it to wash salad greens, I use it for beans when making bean salad, and other veggies as well.
it handles it well and is fun and easy to use.
The clear plastic has gotten foggy looking, but I don't care.
Haven't yet used it much but it seems very well built and like it will do the job.
I love my iceberg but am slowly accepting more romaines, leafy others too.
Very simple to use and easy to clean.It makes preparing salad greens a simple task.
I purchased this replacement after considering other brands -- saw that the pullstring types etc had mixed reviews.
Very pleasant to look at vs the clinical clear, black and white looksof the original.
It is absolutely amazing how much water rinses from the lettuce.
No more drying lettuce on papertowels or awkward tastes from residual water.
Great clear bowl for also serving the salad too!.
I bought this to replace a KitchenAid spinner.
The models work with the pump, so they seem to &#34;dry&#34; the greens comparably.The pluses to the OXO vs.
My wife saw this on a cooking show and decided she wanted one.
I purchased it as a Valentine's day gift.
OK, it's not the most romantic gift, but I took her to dinner, too.
Anyhow, she loves it and uses it all the time.
So far, it has worked well with no signs of breaking.
I have several OXO products so when I purchased this, I expected a great product.
It spins the water out of my salad preparations with minimal effort by me.
It is easy to clean and you can store your lettuce in the container, as well.
It quickly removes a tremendous amount of liquid from whatever you spin.
This is a great salad spinner - easily gets all the water out of  your greens.
I even use it for storing extra greens I don't use in the fridge.
It's a lot easier than cranking and helps hold the spinner in place as you push down on it; almost a one-handed operation.
I have used it to spin salads, and a bunch of cabbage before salting it into the saurkraut crock.
A bit pricey, but so convenient it's a wash.
We had the original Oxo spinner for years but it was lost in the recent Sandy storm in NJ.
We reordered our old favorite and were surprised to receive this new model.
It's more stoutly constructed than before and the shape is a little different, making the moisture extraction more efficient.
Best of all it's a lot easier to clean the top.
All to often improvements to a successful product are anything but; this is a happy exception.
I'd seen a review of this on some blog site awhile back so gave it a try.
It is much, much improved from the old spinners and does a wonderful job getting rid of excess moisture in the lettuce.
I am glad I tried it because it is now a staple in my kitchen.
The green just adds more of an aesthetic flair to it.
I've never had a problem with it, have had it for awhile.
Oxo usually always stands behind their products, and pride themselves in making quality products in general.
Though I'm bias and am clearly an oxo junkie, I love this.
I use it for herbs, salads, washing and drying fruits, veggies and even pasta.
The rubber ring on the bottom of the bowl is probably my favorite part-I like it more than I thought I would.
So I got this one and love the pump-spin action.
A cheaper model I had cracked after a year.
purchased this spinner to replace an old and wharped on, works like a charm.
the spinning handle is very smooth and fairly quiet, dries veggies enough.
This was an early Christmas gift from my husband (since he FOUND his present in the closet early).
I've been wanting this since seeing it mentioned in, I think it was, Cooks Illustrated magazine.
I haven't gotten to use it much, but what use it's had so far, it's great!.
Not any more!  This salad spinner does the trick to remove water from every nook and cranny.
It is a decent size when cleaning salad for one or a group.
It also works well as a serving bowl.
I have had this spinner for about 6 months and I love it.
I have a very small kitchen and the large spinner is just too large to store.
This one will hold 1 romaine heart at a time so I just do several batches of lettuce at once.
The money I saved on lettuce alone paid for this very quickly.
Also the little black button you see in the photo stops the spinning-very nice to be able to do.
I'd been wanting a salad spinner for several years.
I did my research and the Oxo won! You can't beat a salad spinner that can also store the lettuce.
And the price was much better than its competitors.
Works well removing water after rinsing salad ingredients and is quality made.
This salad spinner is easy to set up and use.
It gets the lettuce really dry, which makes the dressing stick to it better (for a yummier salad!).
It is bulky, so storage might be a problem if your kitchen is crowded.I also recommend the accessory kit.
It includes a plastic lid for storage (why this isn't included with the spinner is a mystery) and a useful lettuce knife.
My spinner finally gave out and no one makes it anymore.
I prefer the string pull as i feel it gets the water out faster and better but this is a close second.
This spinner is really nice! I got the smaller one and it is a perfect size! Thick plastic and the spinner push works great.
It really does get all the water out.
The push stopper works great but i feel it has a time limit as to how long it will last but lets see.
Spins easily, drains well and it doubles for holding the lettuce in over night  after spinning.
Sturdy made and is actually nice enough to pop on the table for dinner.
Again, I am amazed at the versatility of this spinner.
I find that I can keep my salad GREEN and unspoiled for about 3 weeks.
Normally, am afraid of these things, because they usually promise more than they give, but believe you will love it.
It even has a brake on it!!  I find gentle pushing of the plunger on top is best.
After reading some other ratings that others had trouble with breakage, I was a bit concerned, but all worries aside.
Really awesome product!  Especially with the little break button to stop the spinning almost instantly.
My only reason for not giving full stars is because of the motor.
It's so big that it takes up quite a bit of space inside so you can't fit as much of whatever you're spinning.
If the design was made with the motor somehow built on the outside, it would be perfect!.
I had one of the spinners that you had to crank, was tiring and slow.
This spinner works very easily by pushing the button on top.
My only complaint would be that it doesn't completely dry the lettuce but it is dry enough to use.
This was recommended by Cook's Country, and it doesn't disappoint.
I have nothing bad to say about this spinner.
It is big and a pain to store.
Love this thing! And it feels so sturdy and well made, I think it will last a really long time.
Before getting this we would wash and dry the salad greens and making our salad took too much prep time.
This has made life much easier, it dries the greens and is very easy to wash & dry in dishwasher.
But if you do not spin salads all the time, think about how much space you have.
You kitchen can get full with all these extra products you only use once in a way.
I got this spinner and like it but it's way too big for my needs.
Maybe if you have a family of 8, this would work just fine.
I purchased this salad spinner to replace an old one that was falling apart.
What an improvement!  I like the way this one doesn't slide around on the counter when it's in use.
I love the "push button" operation--much easier to use than cranking a handle on my previous spinner.
It's a great little product--I'd recommend it to anyone.
Loved it so much I bought 2 more, one for our summer rental and one for a friend.
Can store greens in refrigerator after spinning, can use basket to wash vegetables, can even use bowl to serve salad.
Nice that the top locks down to save storage space.
Also rubber anti skids are a nice touch.
We bought this at the recommendation of a friend.
The kids like using it when helping out in the kitchen.
I had the original model for over 15 years when it broke.
I like this one better because it comes apart for cleaning and keeps the lettuce crisp.
I used to move the greens to a lettuce keeper after washing but now they stay perfectly crisp in the salad spinner.
I like it more than any other brands.
I wish I pound get a bigger size to wash lettuce as well.
I love this product and it stays on my counter as I use it practically everyday.
I love the way the lettuce comes out---dry and fresh looking.
Love the convenience of putting salad greens in and spinning the water out.
No more soggy salads.No more watered down dressings.
The OXO salad spinner is the best one we have used in our household.
It is very easy to pump (and it will keep spinning for a long time).
The brake will bring it to a stop in a short time.
The outside bowl can be used to rinse greens before spinning.
I bought this salad spinner when the one I purchased at Target broke.
It had a pull cord that jammed, so I was looking to avoid that feature.
I normally do two spins to be very thorough.
I spin once, open it up, take out the basket, tip out any liquid, shake the lettuce in the basket, reassemble and spin once more.
If you're prepping a lot of greens, I recommendProgressive International LKS-06 Lettuce Keeperto store lettuce for a week+.
Also, this might just be me, but I'm not totally comfortable using the bowl to serve from as others have described.
But, as mentioned on America's Test Kitchen, dont overload the spinner, and dont expect the greens to be bone dry.
The only thing that competes is the time honored method of whirling a pillowcase with your greens.
There is also a cover that you can use, if you wish to store the greens in the frig for a period.
This is a nice item to clean your salad mixings.
It is easy to clean and I would highly recommend this.
Wonderful spinner! We use it all the time, its very sturdy and easy to use.
If it breaks I'll buy another one here.
This was a gift from my husband and kids to me for Mother's Day.
Well, honestly I emailed my husband the link and said "I want something like this" :)  Nonetheless!  It's perfect, excellent and awesome.
This is a big mama, so make sure you can store it.
Ironically, I've used it for everything BUT lettuce!  I use it for grapes, rinsing black beans, strawberries, etc.
For lettuce, you can do full pumps and it'll be amazing.
For my grapes and whatnot, I do a mini pump or two so as not to bruise up the fruit and it's gentle enough.
I love this product...can't say enough!  Also, I use this for hard boiled eggs.
I boil them, then put them in here, fill it with ice water and let them chill.
The I just pull out the strainer and the water is left behind.
You could also use the strainer for other things...however I will mention is is thin and not flimsy...but also not super sturdy.
Of course this is on purpose so that it can spin fast...so I'm ok with that.
Excellent product...probably overpriced...but it will last me forever and OXO is great at taking care of their customers.
I have never owned or even used a salad spinner before, so I can't compare it with other brands.
But, the Oxo Good Grips salad spinner was exactly what I wanted.
I have eaten salad many times since purchasing it.
My wife bought this a while back, and my first thought was that this was a gimmick designed to part a fool from his money.
This thing has saved me a lot of time in trying to dry my lettuce before preserving it or using it in my salads.
Looks like I was the fool for not believing in the hype, but this is well worth the small amount of money spent.
OK, it's just a salad spinner, but this one has a different design from the type of spinner that you crank around.
You push down on a large button and the basket spins rapidly.
The button pops back up; push down again to give the backet a longer ride.
The action takes less effort than the crank type, and the rapid spin speed casts off almost all the water on the vegetables.
You can live without a salad spinner but it is nice to have one.
This one does a nice job of drying off greens.
Also, greens stored in the spinnner in the fridge really do keep longer.
There is one caveat for those with small and/or crowed refridgerators - it takes up a fair amount of shelf space.
Like all Oxo products that I have experience with, it is well made.
I have tried many different spinners over the years and this by far has been the best one.
I have dropped this off the counter a few times and it has not cracked or broke in any way.
Works great and allows for rinsing the veggies/fruit/salad inside the bowl before spinning them dry.
Before Hurricane Katrina, I owned both a large and small OXO GOOD GRIPS salad spinner.
They are the easiest to use for arthritic hands.
Just push down on the top, and it spins it's little heart out.
And it has a button to put the brakes on!! I had used several types before these, but these are by far the best.
I should have checked the size of this before ordering.
It has capacity sufficient to spin enough salad for 2 or maybe 3 people; that's it.
Our lettuce came out absolutely dry, almost as if I'd hand dried each and every leaf.
I tend to keep kitchen tools until they keel over.
The good people at America's Test Kitchen rate it at the top of the spinner scale.
I originally had given this style of spinner a pass because I could not visualize it working.
Alton Brown recommends soaking salad greens in cold water and then giving them a good spin before wrapping them in paper towels for storage.
Once they have soaked for a few minutes, I removed the colander gizmo out and drained the bowl.
Notably, there were the grit and other nasties in the bowl for me to dump.
Then with a quick couple of pumps, I had crisp salad greens for lunch.
I may order the large size because I like the small one so much.
As recommended, I store the washed greens in it and they keep twice as long as in a regular tupperware.
It is sturdy, very easy to use, and more effective at drying lettuce, etc.
The bonus is you can use it to store in the frig and it keeps salad beautifully.
No complaints from her lips to my ears.
I do not know what else to say about a salad spinner.
We eat a lot of greens so the way we wash  , dry it and store it is very important.
This baby is doing all of it + you can even serve them in a bowl.
Sturdy and esthetically pleasing for your eyes and touch is worth the money.
I bought this to replace my old OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner (OXO SoftWorks Salad Spinner) when the bowl shattered.
OXO has made several updates to the salad spinner, making it better than ever!I like the new bowl: it is made of thicker, sturdier plastic.
The wider, flat bottom makes the bowl very sturdy, and the new shape is easier to pick up.
I've had this for years now and use it about every other day.
I put it in the dishwasher, it comes apart easily and goes back together just as easy.
It is sturdy, it works well and when its life is over I want another one exactly like it.
The other spinners I had broke and were hard to clean.
The water was the biggest drawback for me making salads.
There's a little button to stop the spinning.
My salad gets nice and dry, and then I can use bowl to serve it in.
What a difference a few dollars make!  It does the job extremely well -- it's fast and effecient.
I love the stop feature and the rubberized footing that keeps it stable on the counter.
I purchased this salad spinner because I moved, and no longer had a roommate to mooch from.
It's solidly constructed, and the brake feature is nice.
I wonder if the push down/gearing drive will last longer or shorter than the pull-string variety2.
There's not much to say beyond the picture.
it is not only great looking but it does the job VERY well of spinning out water from salad greens.
This is one of the wisest purchases I've ever made.
I bought this salad spinner from Bed Bath & Beyond because it was cheaper.
I love to eat large dinner salads at least three times a week.
I use the inner colander to rinse the leaves free of soil, and then have a blast centrifuging the leaves until they are just moist.
It is a time and frustration saver for anyone who frequently prepares salad greens.
This one is great.Never be without one again.
The only downside is that for twenty dollars ($20+tax!!!) the plastic bowl feels rather flimsy and threatens to crack if not handled with care.
I expected better quality from an Oxo product.
product is holding up well after tons of use.
the spinner is easy to clean and also easy to store.
There's a very good reason why this item has so many reviews and such a high rating - it works.
I'm not entirely confident in the &#34;pre-washed&#34; mixes.
There is a non-slip surface on the bottom, so this thing won&#8217;t go slipping away from you while in action.
This same mechanism can be locked down for easier storage.
It even comes with a braking button to slow down and stop the spinner.
I've avoided making salads for a long time because of the preparation time.
One easy push and it spins on its own and it does not move around at all on the counter.
I've had leaf lettuce in mine for several days, and it is still crisp and fresh.
Since buying this remarkable spinner, I've had salad every night.
And enjoyed every minute of it, preparation included!If you love salads but hate the prep, get this.
You will wonder how you ever got along without it.
This is the best designed salad spinner I've ever used.
Here's why:  1)The inner bowl spin drys any lettuce/veggie contents perfectly.
2)Push the top black knob, bowl spins w/little effort, for the perfect amt.
3)The side black button can also be used to stop the spinning at any time.
of salad/herbs/berries, but won't take up anymore cabinet space than ur current spinner.
It can also dry smaller amts of herbs.
It is also highly recommended by "Cooks Illustrated Magazine" & won the top prize in their review of salad spinners (and they're tough critics).
There's a newer version out now that looks a bit prettier, but this baby works great.
I wouldn't eat salad or herbs that haven't been washed by me, and this is the easiest way to wash and dry the greens.
I bought this as a gift for my mom, and she loves it too.
Easy to wash salad in, and then it dries it (fast!) to a perfect condition - ready to eat, not to slurp.
It does what I bought it to do.
One small problem...I have a some arthritis in my fingers so I have trouble when I take the lid apart to clean it.
This is not something I have to do often.
It gets my garden greens dried quickly and I really like that.
So, If it ends up sitting out on my prep counter for a couple of days, that's fine.
I bought this because it came in as the top spinner on one of those cooking sites.
Although I like it a lot, it does tend to bounce around on the countertop (I have granite so maybe that's the reason).
From the previous testing, I expected it to stay put better.
Also, I honestly don't think it gets my greens as dry as my old hand-crank spinner.
But it's larger than what I had so it's a keeper.
I just have to spin more and then lay the greens on a paper towel for a bit.
We used to buy those bags of pre washed lettuce in the grocery store and they would spoil so quickly and were not great.
I bought this so we could buy fresh lettuce instead and it has impressed me.
Lettuce stays fresh for days- we store the leftover lettuce in it in the fridge and it's amazing.
Fun for the kids to help spin the salad too.
Overall, I highly recommend this product if you like your lettuce clean and fresh!.
These days you cannot be too careful with the lettuce you purchase at the store.
E-coli or salmonella seem to be a common concern.First of all you wan clean lettuce.
You use this bowl, take lettuce leaves apart in bite size pieces, fill with water, insert lettuce, don't crowd, swish round and then empty.
If there is grit in the bottom, wash lettuce again.
You need at least three or four complete turns.
Empty water, and then spin again to make sure all the waters gone.
A good green salad uses only dry lettuce.Use three or four different lettuces for your salad.
Make a large bunch, and then save some for the rest of the week.
Wrap the greens in paper twel and place in a reveal able plastic bag.
The lettuce will stay god for three or four days.Use a nice balsamic homemade dressing or use lemon, salt and pepper.
The Large size OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner seems to be well made.
The gauge of plastic used is heavier than most other models, and the rubber-edged bottom keeps the spinner from sliding around.
Easy to clean, and the cover can be disassembled for cleaning as well.
This is the best salad spinner I've ever used.
This is the best thing since fresh oven baked bread for my sprouting endevours.
I use the Easy Sprouter to start my seeds...usually the "salad varieties" such as alfalfa, radish, etc.
All the hulls float to the top where I can easily get rid of them.
I usually take a reg table knife and put it between the lid and the bowl on one side so there's fresh air circulating inside.
I leave this on the counter and rinse twice a day for two or three more days and then put in the frig.
Sprouts keeps perfectly for days in the spinner while I start the next batch in my Easy Sprouter.
Works well, good quality, I can use the bottom as a serving bowl.
A bit too small for our five member family.
Wish it came with a lid to take on potlucks.
It doesn't spin as fast as I would like, but the little "brake" button is nice.
If you have limited storage space consider a smaller model.
I'd probably have picked a collapsible model if i had another chance.
It works great, is low profile and easy to store and it looks fine in the kitchen.
I was using a Pampered Chef salad spinner that cost almost 3x the money and it wasn't nearly as easy to use.
We eat fresh salad every day and couldn't live without a salad spinner.
First off, this is a well made unit.
I'd trade it for a well made gear driven unit any day.This might be a 5 Star unit for someone who doesn't mind the noise.
If you want to get a bit fancy with your salad spinning, this is the one to buy.
You release the lock mechanism at the top and press down.
The inner basket starts to spin, removing most of the water from the lettuce.
I love the fact that you can rinse the lettuce in the removable inner basket.You really win with this one.
Wash, spin, store...so much less to wash and it is never boring.
Once you have spun the lettuce you can remove the inner bowl and dump out the water.~The Rebecca Review.
This is the best salad spinner I've used.
It really does get rid of excess water and it's easy to clean.
I have avoided salad spinners for years because of past disappointments.
But when the guys on Americas Test Kitchen made this one their first choice I decided to try again.
We had the old version of this spinner and it finally broke.
Ordered this one to replace it and it was immediately clear this newer model was of superior build quality and durability.
I think this one will last much longer.
If you eat any greens, this salad spinner is a must have.
It can fit a lot, is durable, good for storing washed lettuce, and easy to clean.
I have had this salad spinner for a year now and have had no problems and bought one for my mother to use as well.
Great salad spinner that is easy to use, clean and store.
I would recommend one for every kitchen I use it all the time.
The bowl is very large and will accomodate a hefty amount of greens.
I buy salad that comes in bags..I always washed it first and tried many ways to get it dry.
but it never dried enough so it would wilt and get ucky within 1 day.
I have never used a salad spinner before this one and never understood what was so special about them until recently.
It just seemed like another lazy persons contraption, but then again I was buying bagged salad.
So now I'm not only saving money on buying unprepared salad fixings, but also not creating as much waste in packaging and food.
We grow most of our own leafy greens, and this thing makes it even more rewarding than it would otherwise be.
The hard bowl ensures your salad spinners will not change shape while drying over dishes, thus not working until reshaped.
I really think OXO fit the nail on the head with this one.
The pump can even be stored in the down position to serve as a storage vessel for your greens!.
This replaced a pretty lame hand spinner and we are pleased.
It is larger, more solid, and much easier to operate.
It has a central hand button that you press repeatedly.
I wouldn't prepare a salad without my salad spinner.
Placing a paper towel in with the greens helps dry them faster, too.Recently I found a new use for the basket and bowl.
They work great for rinsing and sorting dried peas or beans.
Do this a few times and your dried veggies are ready to cook or soak.
You can let them soak in the bowl if you wish.
This beats my old way of washing dried peas or beans in a heavy bowl or pot.
Firstly this is bigger than you think so measure it out before you order and check you have space to store it.
Its very fun to use and I find I do need the capacity, the small one would be too small.
I stop it mid spin, jostle and spin again or I find it doesn't quite dry everything.
The lid is in two parts for some reason which makes this a bit bulker on the draining board than needs be.
Bought one for my FIL as he found it so fun to use.
I had an old salad spinner that finally died so my husband picked up a cheapy at Walmart.
It had a cord that frayed and broke after only six months.
I bought this one on Amazon and am very happy with it.
This is just yet another well thought-out product from OXO.
It does exactly what it sets out to do - spin your greens - with suitable competence and a minimum of drama.
It stays put pretty well in use and is entirely ambidextrous.
For the price vs number of uses, I can't complain.
The bowl has been through the dishwasher many times.
No complaint there - lots of plastic things get soft in the dishwasher.
The basket just seems to suffer more because it's larger than any other of my plastic items.
This OXO mini salad and herb spinner seems to be holding up the one I bought 6 months ago hadit's spring break after 5 uses.
BIG MISTAKE as the newer one seem to havea very fragile mechanism.
Washing and adequately drying the greens for a salad has always been a pain.
My daughter has one of these and they have salad every night.
It greatly reduces the time needed to prepare a salad with cleaning of the greens.
I can use it for the next meal.
I read some other reviews that this does not get the lettuce super dry.
I agree that it does not completely dry the lettuce, but it works well enough that the dressing can still stick.
We had been buying the bagged greens, but with the e coli scare we decided no more of that.
It is very easy to use, the spin mechanism works like an old-fashioned children's top.
Excellent product.Update:  February 2010I am still using the salad spinner on a regular basis.
Obviously, it's proven to be very durable, and a good investment.
I can now take my salads to work for lunch without getting them soggy by the time I eat them.
To have it function better, place it on a flat surface before spinning it.
The larger bowl can be used for other purposes in the kitchen and so can be the sieve.
we already have the larger one at our house, and bought the smaller one for the apartment.
You need this if you every make salads.
The quality is great and it works perfectly.
We have had the same one for about five years now, and it is always in use.
We run it through the dishwasher and still holds up great.
We would recommend it as a great gift.
Hopefully the quality is still as good as it was when we got ours.
Use one of these daily for five years or so and you might have to replace it.
I purchased this a few years back (not from amazon) and loved it.
It was big enough to wash a whole green leaf lettuce, spinned nicely, and removed most of the water.
However, the lid was accidentally dropped on  the kitchen tile floor and a part on the bottom cracked.
The button would push down but not come back up and start the spinning.
I tried unsuccessfully to keep using it but it was more effort than it was worth.So.
yes I would recommend it, but NEVER drop the plastic lid, as it's the hard type of plastic and will crack on a hard surface.
The transparency of the base was really nice to see how much water had been spun out.
My slippery formica countertop is not so nice when things skate off onto the floor.
To me, this is the perfect size for a nice large salad, enough to serve up to 4 people.
Big plus is that it is small enough to make it easy to store, doesn't take up half my cabinet shelf.
Don't wait! Grab it now! This is truly the very best spinner on the market!.
Doesn't take up a lot of space in the refrigerator.
Very easy to use, very easy to clean.
This is such a good looking salad spinner i would like to display it somewhere in my kitchen.
It works beautifully and fulfills my every salad spinning need.
Some people think it's expensive, but it seems worth every penny to me.
This was a big hit with one of my daughters for Christmas.
It was by special request and now she would not be without the spinner.
It was recommended by Cook's Country as the best one so that is why I picked this brand.
I'm going to be eating a lot healthier after getting this great tool, I'll tell you that.
Suddenly, mixing salads has become a piece of cake, with the water going to the bottom.
It keeps lettuce dry and crisp in the refrigerator.
In short, it makes salads worth the trouble again.
One salad can last us pretty much all week, depending on the ingredients.
I only wish it was a little bit cheaper, but that's only because I'm a cheapskate.
I'd avoid other brands, which have spotty durability records.(Oh, and we put ours in the dishwasher, top rack, without any trouble).
I got the big one so I can spin an entire head of lettuce.
I then put the lettuce in a ziploc and use it as needed for sandwiches, etc.
The top handle locks down for storage helping some with space as this one is pretty big.
This salad spinner is one of the easiest to use.
It holds a lot and really spin dries not only lettuce but pastas as well.
This is a great salad spinner, I especially love that I can leave the fresh salad greens in the spinner, and put in refrigerator.
Just the right size for a salad for two.
Very easy to use and like that I can save any left over in it.
Received in a timely manner.***Update 2/27/12Was only able to use it once, when I tried to use it a second time the top mechanism broke.
I called OXO and they told me they would send me a replacement top, that I would receive it in 10 working days.
Today I received it, but it was the wrong top, too small and different color.
I would not had mined the different color if it would fit.
Suffice to say I am very disappointed, feel as if I bought a very expensive bowl with no cover.
Have not decided if I will call the company again.
If I do I will update.***Update 3/8/12Called OXO back and they were very apologetic and they Federal Expressed me a new top that works flawlessly.
I am so happy to have a working salad spinner and that OXO did not disappoint me because I love their products.
To be honest I was pleasantly surprised with their customer service.
I was skeptical but i am now a believer.
It is gross to see all the crappy water that comes off after spinning!.
Ever bought lettuce or spinach and, after 3 days in the fridge, find that it's turning to a slimy mess?  Got concerns about E.
coli and other bacteria on your leafy greens?If you eat salads, you NEED a salad spinner.
And after trying several, I'm here to tell you this is the one you want.1)  Put your veggies in the bowl.
Pour a cup of white vinegar over it, and fill with cold water.
This salad spinner does an awesome job dehulling home grown sprouts.
I seems to be well built and is easy to clean.
EVen did a great, gentle, job with Berries.
Was given to me as gift, when I was in a tiny apartment.
I had no cabinet space so it became a, decorative piece above my fridge when not in use.
Had mine for several years and it does the job.
It is easy to disassemble and clean which is a big plus.
They thought of EVERYTHING when they designed this salad spinner.
I got the little one and it is just right for spinning lettuce for 2 and then storing the remainder in the spinner.
It definitely causes the lettuce to last longer!  :-)  AAAA for this product!!.
This spinner is easy to use and compact.
I purchased it to replace a larger, bulkier spinner I had.
I'm very pleased with the performance and ease of use.
If you need a spinner, this is a good one.
But if you're going to do a large amount of greens, you may want a bigger version.
The bowl is large and also doubles as a serving bowl.
The product works great, and looks fun too.
It's exactly what I've come to expect from the OXO line.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do.
It is so nice to have dry salad greens instead of soggy soup.
Well made and useful, especially for gardeners with lots of salad greens to clean and enjoy.
Used my daughter's salad spinner when I was visiting at Christmas.
They work great to get the water off the Romaine, instead of draining & drying with paper towels.
I then used the bowl to make the salad.
Very handy thing to have & helps making a salad to not be such a long process.
I held out against the salad spinner for a long time.
Well, I do love it, and I use it a lot!  It's not just for salad greens, but for anything you want to dry quickly.
It's sleekly designed with only three easy-to-clean pieces.
One quick plunge keeps the bowl spinning for quite a long time, but one touch to the button on the side stops it cold.
This week alone I've drained cabbage for slaw, grape tomatoes and cooked shrimp for a salad.
None of the food was damaged, and all of it was well-dried enough that I didn't have to worry about my dressing getting watered down.
It does what it promises to do and does it well, with a minimum of fuss.
That is, to my way of thinking, the mark of a great piece of equipment.
Given a choice, almost everyone would prefer fresh, clean vegetables and fruit.
Put your vegetables, fruit, or whatever you want to drain off excess liquids from, in the basket.
Place the basket in the bowl, resting on the center pin at the bottom of the bowl.
Release the spring loaded handle, and then while holding down the lid, push down on the handle a few times.
The centrifugal force generated from spinning the contents in the basket, draws liquid and small debris to the outer walls of the bowl.
The rubber on the bottom of the bowl provides traction, and helps keep the bowl from spinning, or tipping over, while you are pumping.
There is a button on the top of the lid that acts as a brake, and will slow and stop the basket.
To maintain a minimum profile, there is a sliding lever that locks down the spring loaded handle into the lid.
Although holding the lid down is recommended, even when spinning at high speed, the lid seems to stay in place pretty securely.
If you get one, the odds are very high that you will love it.
I eat a lot of salad so this is used a lot.
The pump and break are a must if you plan to use one a lot.
We have a hand crank one at work and it gets stuck all the time.
This is my first salad spinner so take this review as such.
I really don't have any previous models to base it on.
It is pretty big so make sure you have a place to store it because it will take up a lot of room.
I wouldn't trust storing anything inside the spinner because the basket is plastic and I would think it would become warped and than useless.
As long as you have the storage room the size is great.
There is a lock for the button to help protect the button and keep it out of your way when storing.
That lock works great and is easy to operate.
I have no complaints on the lock so we must move on to the button itself.
The spin action is achieved by pressing the big green button down a few times in a fast up and down motion.
Once the spinner is going there seems to be some movement of the whole unit on my all wood counter.
I could see it sliding right off a marble top counter without a towel underneath it.
The next function is the break to stop the spinner.
And when I say stop I mean slow down slowly.
The break does not impress me that much.
I do not want to wait 20 seconds holding a button down when the spinner would only take 40 seconds to stop on its own.
The product works fine over all and the only part I truly worry about breaking is the basket.
I am going to baby that basket because like I mentioned before any warps could prove bad for the spinner.
So far the item has worked like a champ and since december 17th 2012 I have used this product 13 times.
After several years of looking at these and thinking do I really need one I can now say YES I really do.
I was sure it was just one of those items that I would hardly use but I find different uses for it all the time.
With the pumping mechanism as opposed to pulling a string this is much better you don't have the bowl skidding off on you.
It sits out on the counter, as I use it so often.
I got so tired of wasting money on the prepackaged salads, because it would go bad shortly after opening the package.
So I buy bulk in all the salad greens, make enough salad to fill this container and then bag it myself.
Another plus is that it's easy to clean.
This is one heck of a spinner! I've darn near gotten up to centrafuge speeds with just a few easy pumps.
Great for drying off all kinds of fruits and vegetables.
What I use it for most is drying potato slices before making french fries.
If you have any problems gripping things in your kitchen, I strongly suggest looking over the full line of Oxo products.
The oversized handles (in this case, the part you press down rather than grip) are a godsend.
Don't let hand problems keep you out of your kitchen!.
Salad spinners are one of the most used kitchen utensils that we have.
This one is well built with hard plastic top and basin.
The spinner's gearing works well and has a smooth operation.
this thing is large, so plan on eating  alot of lettuce.
We used to do that with our last spinner.
We also did rinse lettuce one time and filled up bottom bowl with water, minor inconvience that we weren't used to.
The kids love to push this handle down.
$30 bucks to spin lettuce, not worth it to me.
We've been using this quite a bit lately, and I have to say it is incredibly handy for all sorts of greens and herbs.
Instead of sprint-like speed of rotation, its a spin is more akin to a steady marathon pace.
This Gadget is so simple to operate and it is kind of Fun, I think I'm gonna start spinning for Health again!.
My greatest "pet peeve" when preparing salads is WET soggy lettuce.
A couple of spins of my OXO Good Grips salad spinner has removed this nuisance from my life.
If you do enjoy fresh salads, greens or herbs, I promise you will use this tool frequently.
Pros:- Large capacity- Effective for spinning saladCons:- Big, for obvious reasonsIt's big! But then again, it's big.
This salad spinner is a clear winner! Just a few spins removes the water from your salad greens using centrifugal force.
It spins the greens so dry that I don't even bother blotting them with paper towels.
I purchased the large clear model and use it to store my greens after spinning the salad greens and pouring out the water.
i like that it has a push button versus the turn crank.
Started getting my veggies from the farmer's market.
This device not only leaves the leafy greens clean, it's fun!.
I have owned this apple slicer and corer for about four years.
It's currently cracking on a few sided and I will have to buy another one.
This worked for the short time but long term I would get an all metal apples slicer and corer.
My I make apple slices for my husband in his lunch and give them to my son at snack time.
So mine get's used on a daily basis for one of them.
For the most part this apple corer worked great while it lasted.
It is very sturdy and the blades are sharp.
I used to have an all-metal one (not OXO), but it would bend when I pushed down on it.
The OXO slices through the apple quickly and easily, and the rubber grips are easy on the hands.
I got the OXO now, and it's a pleasure to use.
Be cautious though, those blades are actually very sharp on the bottom side.
You may have recalled a previous apple slicer review of mine.
I enjoy them so much I can't help but review another one.
It's just a lot of fun taking an apple and slicing it into eight handy and adorable little slices.
Whether you use green apples, red apples, Granny Smith, whatever.
This slicer will deliciously make eating apples exciting.
If you're a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product.
You won't have to mess around with no silly core.
Just don't go around shopping online without your parents permission.
Sometimes things just work and this does just that.
Use it and throw it in the dishwasher.
This is a nice little tool to have around the kitchen to save you a bit of time in slicing up an apple.
When you push down on the handle it cuts the apple up.
The only problem is that after you push down, you may have to push the apple slices through from the other side.
In other words, it doesn't cut all the way through the apple.
Put a plate in the sink and then put the apple on the plate and press down.
Sprays a bit of Apple Juice "Mist."Depending on form of apple will be ready to eat.
Otherwise must remove some left-over core with knife.Easy to remove skin after using with a knife.Overall good I guess quicker than cutting with knife.
I love this apple cutter! I hate biting into apples so this is the only way I will eat them.
I have to always make sure to pick up the cutter by the handles.p.s.
My mom has the Progressive version of this apple cutter and it doesn't work nearly as well.
The blades are not as sharp so I always have to strugle a little when I use hers.
I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine, and it works great.
He is very pleased, and it has helped him enjoy apples more often than he would otherwise, if he didn't have this great device.
As the title to this review states, this gadget makes dealing with apples and pears a breeze.
My old cheapie version cracked and died when my daughter was visiting and attempted to slice a hard apple.I replaced it with this one.
I must warn you that the fruit must be somewhat firm because soft, overripe fruit will smoosh into a mess.
It's a cinch to use.Guests that are not aware of the existence of such a culinary tool will be wowed by it.
If you have questions, please reply in the Comment section below...I would be glad to help.___________________________________________________________________________________________________________CHECK OUT MY BLOG: thegoodstuffreviews.blogspot.com.
You get a sturdy slice no matter what size of apple you are slicing and coring.
I had an old corer and it was a pain.
I bought this and used it twice now.
I make apple pies and it makes life a lot easier.
Be careful though,  It is so sharp I cut my finger on it.
I cut my left ring finger that required stitches, unlike the other times when I cut fingers.
Since, I have an aversion to using a knife.
We got this Oxo Good Grips Apple Corer and Divider, and my problem with knives went away.
Now I am happier to cut my slices of apples without hurting myself.
We love this product, it has saved us a lot of time.
We began juicing a few weeks back and apples go into the majority of our recipes.
Tip: cut the bottom off the apple to make a flat surface before you use this.
Then press down firmly and voila!My only criticism is that the core gets stuck in the middle and you have to push it out.
But it's nice to have, especially during apple pie season.
So yeah, sorry Alton, I like this unitasker.
The core was gone and the apple was neatly divided.
The divided apple looked like a flower blossom.
Pushing down on the the corer/divider did not require much pressure.
It cut and sliced through the apple as smooth as silk.
Be careful when washing this tool as the blades are a bit sharp.
This is a great corer/divider and as a result I eat far more apples.
If you try to chop a large apple you have to really force the corer down.
As other reviewers have said, the blades are sharper than they look.
I wasn't too sure about this product, but figured I'd give it chance since there were so many positive reviews.
I'm glad I did! It works exactly as its suppose to; It removes the apple core and divides the rest into pieces.
It looks flimsy, but is actually quite durable.
there is not much you can say about a aple corer and divider it divides and cores.
I would recommend if you need to purchase.
My daughter loves me to slice apples for her, but in a hurry it can be time consuming.
If you simply grip the top of the apple that has already been cut and pull up, it will finish slicing through.
I love OXO brand and this is yet another product that they've made well!.
this OXO good grips apple corer and divider works great; it is very durable and easy to clean up; I use all the time.
OXO Good Grips Apple Corer and DividerI have to say i was skeptical.
If your apple is too big, it won't cut it.
If it's just right, this is the best way to get apple slices.
Saves time trying to core the apple - in 1 second your apple is core free, ready to be dipped or chopped smaller.
I love the idea of this device and it worked adequately.
it was a bit difficult to cut through the apple.
I had to use all my strength, and 2.
while it's not the device's fault, it's hard to align if the apple's core isn't directly beneath it's stem.
A little practice and I'm sure it will get easier to judge.
This aple divider works great!  The last one I had was made differently and would get apple fiber stuck in the middle of it.
We've had ours for quite some time and it's still good.
It's strong and I think it's really gonna last.
I cut my thumb on the blades when I opened the package, though, so be careful.
It cuts and cores and apple in seconds.
Make sure you get it straight and it works perfectly.
SOmewhat hard to clean is my only complain.
Great for creating snacks for work or for a fruit plate.
I absolutely love this apple/pear corer and divider.
Overall, I don't think you can go wrong with this product.
Works great and makes it easier to cut for my 4 yr old.
This works just as described - sharp blades cut right through the apple, leaving nice even slices.
The padded handle allows for better control when coring/slicing apple.
I liked using this product and the results of getting perfectly cored apple and slices.
The only drawback was the amount of force required to get through the apple.
This apple corer and slicer is great!  I love it and so does my child.
We are both eating more apples and pears now.
I like the Oxo better than the Calphalon Easy Grip Apple Slicer (http://www.amazon.com/Calphalon-Easy-Grip-Apple-Slicer/dp/B000SOAT0Y).
This keeps the blade sharper MUCH longer, especially if you cut on a ceramic plate like I do.
The Calphalon's larger handles are unnecessary and take up too much space in the &#34;gadget drawer&#34;.
Very easy to use, just place the apple under it and press down--presto, the apple wedges appear.
It does take a little effort to remove the wedges since the blades do not always cut all the way through the bottom skin.
Also, the apple must be carefully positioned so that all the core is removed by the center ring without leaving seed parts on the wedges.
Will be watching to see hos long it maintains its sharpness.
I'll never have to slice an apple with my trusty knife again.
I can't just bite into an apple (fragile teeth) so this does the trick for me.
This is nice and sharp!  The size is good for even big apples.
Our last slicer broke so I chose a different brand and am happy I did.
The 'profile' is flat enough that it doesn't jam our drawer which is handy!.
works great- still going strong no rust after 2 years.
I'm oxo obsessed so i would highly recommend this.
We purchased this corer/slicer to replace an existing OXO corer/slicer that was about 10 years old and used to slice hundreds of applies.
The new corer has slightly modified handles, but we have no reason to expect it to perform any differently from our old one.
Just wish it were a little nicer looking.
Yesterday morning, I cored and sliced over 230 apples.
I then dipped them in lemon juice and froze them.
Once frozen Ithem, I packaged them with a vacuum sealer.
Now I'll have apples all winter long and not have to buy them again.
My husband was amazed at this little inexpensive tool.
It works in less than a second and it's completely done! I wish I had the patent on it!.
It is very sharp, and should be handled carefully.
It's also a bit tough to get the core out of the middle after making the cut.
This is the first apple corer I've bought, and honestly I feel stupid for not buying one sooner.
I found this item to be exactly as described in advertisement.
I had debated about which one to get & this one has sharp metal blades for an easy cut.
The handles have a good grip which makes it comfortable & not slippery if your hands are damp or wet.
This looks like it will last for a very long time.
Works a lot better than the cheaper ones on the market it actuall cuts through the apple a lot easier.
Daily use for months now without a problem.
It works great on apples and pears, cuts them to 8 equal pieces.
The only criticism I have is sometimes it's hard to remove the core at the center, but otherwise it works really well.
This is especially true if your fruit is somewhat odd shaped--you may have to line up your stroke.
People even ask to borrow it when they're trying to slice up an apple with one of the dull cafeteria knives.
This apple corer and divider works really well and does what it should.
Once you have one, you can't go back.
There is nothing more to say about it.
Even if i wanted to what would i say, its an apple corer and divider.
This apple corer/slicer is a awesome for the non-OCD apple cutter.
It's sturdy and sharp and gets the job done well.
Most people would not be bothered by this, but as a microbiologist I find this very disconcerting and wishing it was one solid piece.
Aside from this little flaw, it's been a very wonderful little utensil.
excellent classic corer/slicer, but make sure sure apple isn't too big.
also really firm apples may break the handles.
I got this for myself to speed up making the kids' lunches and I love it.
It quickly cuts the apple into slices and removes the core.
This device is great for coring and dividing apples.
I plan to look into a peeler but this will do fine for now.
I love OXO products, since I know what I am getting in terms of quality.
I have had this for a year and use it more days than not.
It works great, but I will say it is harder to use in bigger apples.
Works great if you have a symmetrical apple to core.
otherwise sometimes you get part of the core and not all.
Used a lot when my kids were small, not as much now that they are older.
Comfortable to use, a bit big for storage in a drawer.
Since I am partially disabled, this makes it easy to add some fruit to my diet.
I used this for apples and found that it works well on totally round apples with a flat bottom.
If it is an uneven bottom of the apple it cuts it through the core rather than beside the core.
I respect their brand; otherwise I would have not tried this.
The only issue I have is that obviously the blades are sharp.
So pressing down on it using the side handles is the only option unless you want to cut your fingers.
Who needs a special tool to core and quarter an apple?Nobody really needs it unless they process a whole lotta apples.
But this tool works so perfectly and so quickly that it is just plain elegant and fun to use it.
The Oxo apple corer is easy to use, and the wide angle handles keep your hands out of the way of the apple.
I really like the grip material as it helps keep you steady on the downward press.
(original review from September 9, 2011)****edit June 20, 2014....Just purchased a second one of these corer/dividers, and not to replace the first one from 2011.
The 2011 one is still going!  This second one is to replace the numerous others ones that have broken since 2011.
I finally wised up and did not purchase the a replacement that hangs conveniently beside the apples in the local grocery store.
And instead, ordered and received my second Oxo apple corer.
From a household who uses the product daily, and has used and broken numerous other brands, buy a long lasting OXO.
I cut an apple every day for breakfast and this corer and divider has been working strong for 3 years now.
Since apples are seldom perfect, this sometimes requires a bit of cleverness.
The device doesn't always cut cleanly all the way through the bottom of the apple.
This is probably a function of the cutting surface.
Often it is necessary to pull the core and/or some of the segments through the device by hand.
The white outer ring on ours has cracked where one of the blade "spokes" meets the ring.
It's still much faster than manually cutting apple slices, and probably safer.
Since we eat a lot of fruit around my house, this is an item that gets a real workout.
It is essentially used on a daily basis.This corer/divider is well designed and comfortable to use with its cushioned grips.
that your're processing on a regular basis for a healthier lifestyle.
The life you save may be your own!.
I wash all my veges and fruits with it.
Yep, I wash all my veges and fruit with it.
Did I say I was all my veges and fruits with it?  This brush is only dedicated for washing fruits and veges at my house.
I'm giving this brush 4 stars instead of 5 because its natural bristles don't last as long as I'd like.
I use it for everything from scrubbing produce (don't let anybody here tell you it won't scrub potatoes) to cleaning up pots, pans, and sinks.
The handle is comfortable and the brush is the perfect shape for a wide variety of kitchen tasks.
I start with a good spray of vinegar water and then scrub with this brush any dirt on the vegetables.
This tool makes cleaning/scrubbing of potatoes, squash, carrots very easy and you know that the vegies are clean.
I was having lots of trouble finding on in the stores, glad I found this one.
Nice size veggie brush with a handle that is easy to grip.
Oxo is a good brand, so I'm sure the quality is good.
I really like the back shape and feel to grip it.
This is a very stiff vegetable brush and I don't see how it would ever become flimsy in the future.
It fits comfortably in my hand and gets potatoes super clean.
We eat a lot of sweet potatoes in my house and this is a very handy tool in preparation for baking them.
I received this brush several years ago as a gift and it is still going strong.
I no longer use it for food cleaning, but for everything else in the home.
My son's puppy left his calling card on my carpet and this little brush came to the rescue.
It gets right in that spot between the floor and the porcelain at the bottom on the toilet.
You may call it a vegetable brush, but I call it my &#34;everything to clean&#34; brush.
It works well and has a good gripping surface.
What more can I say?  :-)  I'm glad I purchased it and absolutely recommend it.
Love it! Works great on many kinds of fruits and vegetables.
We probably go through 10-15 lbs a week.
This made cleaning potatoes the biggest dread in the kitchen.
I shopped vigorously online, read dozens of reviews, and finally decided on the OXO Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush.We've had it now for several months.
I no longer refuse to scrub my potatoes, so I don't think its stretching to say that this little brush has helped strengthen my relationship.
It really is fantastic, and I have nothing bad to say about it.
Totally worth the $8, and I highly recommend it to anyone who has to scrub vegetables.
Even if it eventually does flatten out on me, its already lasted at least 3x as long as any other brush I've tried.
This brush is easy to hold in the hand and the bristles are soft enough to clean vegetables such as potatoes and carrots.
This works great! I use it to clean our vegetables before I cook them and it definitely makes a noticeable difference!.
It is easy to hold and use and doesn't take up much room in your kitchen.
This brush works well on my potatoes and other vegetables that need to be brushed.
If you're cooking potatoes without skins, a good handwashing before you peel is all that's really necessary.
I like the skins though so I need to wash my potatoes more thoroughly.
This goes for all produce really but potatoes seem to be the dirtiest.
Now my only problem is figuring out a way to get my husband to eat the veggies!.
This helps a lot for cleaning potatoes that I buy that happen to be pretty dirty.
Mixed with any sort of veggie cleaning spray, it does wonders!.
Now if only it had a hook so I could hang it.
The "Oxo Good Grips 33781 Flexible Vegetable Brush" is the best vegetable brush I have been able to so far locate.
I give the product five stars but am still hoping to find a brush just a bit larger with even firmer bristles.
It still looks new! Also, for anyone with a physical challenge involving the hands, (like arthritis) the product is comfortable to use.
im a potato freak and eat one or two a day.
I used this to clean some carrots that I got from an organic farm deliver twice a monh.
Before this I just rinsed with cold water using my hands and the results were okay.
Then I tried the brush and there was no dirt left and it is good for my hands as I have arthritis.
This brush has many uses, not only for brushing vegetables.
I used it to scrub my wok, after it cooled down of course.
I'm an OXO fan to begin with so that's why I ordered this little brush.
It not only scrubs veggies well, it fits nicely into the palm of the hand.
It also has a non-slide surface that helps steady the brush for scrubbing.
It takes dark spots off radishes saving the time of using a knife to cut them out.
The bristles on this are  nice and sturdy.
My wife wanted a good, stiff, vegetable brush.She laughed, and laughed, when she got this in the mail for a Christmas present.
She says she could have gotten it at the local grocery store.But she loves it.
It is easy to clean and fits my hand perfectly.
Got it specifically to clean potatoes for T'giving.
Although I'd like a model of it that is a bit bigger, this fit in my hand fine AND it did a good job.
I suspect that it would work well on any veg or fruit.
Reasonably priced and seems to be of decent quality.
A quick hot rinse after each use and an occasional dishwashing keeps it in great shape.Unbeatable at this price.
one I use for vegetables and one I use for cast iron cleaning on occasion.
So far so good on both uses.The brush is durable.
ergonomic and fits nicely in your hand to do almost any job.
The brush is MUCH better quality than I had expected, what a pleasant surprise! You really can't beat the price for a brush this nice.
Just by the feel of it you can tell it will be extremely durable over the years and through many many uses.
All in all, WONDERFUL PURCHASE! I would very highly recommend this product to anyone in the market for a vegetable scrub brush!.
It scrubs, it hasn't fallen apart, it washes up really nice, it is comfortable in your hand to hold.
Long ago I had a Swedish veg brush that could make veg pristine with a few strokes.
This brush does just as well and has the added bonus of a very comfortable handle.
Easy to hold in my small hand and the bristles are still good after hundreds of potatoes.
This is exactly what I've been searching for the past several years.
It is stiff enough to clean dirty old potatoes and small enough to fit into my hand without slipping out.
This brush is exactly what I was looking for.
Cleans my fruits and vegetables well and grip on this thing is great for maintaining control!.
Just like the name, I can grip it firmly in my hand while I was brushing up apples, green peppers and stuff.
I have petite sized hands and this produce scrubber fits perfectly in my palm.
It could be better if the brush head was a bit larger.
the oxo good grips flexible vegitable brush is a great buy.
i ended up buying another i liked the brush so well.
it is easy to hold while washing any vegetable.
the brushes get right in and get out the dirt off potatoes as well as any vegitable.
Sure it fits into the center of a palm, but I think it's marketed to make a weakness sound like strength.
I'd like a bigger brush, ideally, with the same quality.
It fits the hand easily, scrubs the vegetables nicely and cleans up well.
Going to be throwing a number of these little gems into the stockings next Christmas!.
I use this brush at least three times a week and it still looks like new.
Just hard enough to clean vegetables especially potatoes without scratching the peel off.
This fits in your palm nicely and cleans without causing damage to lighter veggies such as mushrooms.
It is great for potatoes getting into all the little nooks and crannies.
A well equipped kitchen should have three veggie brushes including a firm bristle brush for old potatoes, and a soft bristle brush for mushrooms.
Many of us have small kitchens with limited drawer space and prefer to simplify when possible.
There is no all-purpose veggie brush but this one comes close.
It is perfect for most everything else, including the easy removal of silk from fresh corn.
Oxo always has quality products at a decent price, and this is no exception.
It fits perfectly in my hand, has bristles that are stiff enough to scrub off dirt but not so stiff that there's no flexibility.
It's easy to clean and a good price.
I've had it a while, and it still looks like new.
I took to eating the skins on potatoes etc and have meant for a decade to buy a veggie brush.
It looked easy to hold and the brush looked firm.
It works well, cleans potatoes & sweet potatoes, is comfy to grip, cleans with hot water.
This is a great brush for use on vegetables.
The bristles are stiff enough to scrape off dirt, but not as harsh as to damage.
The size is just right and fits in the hand well.
The rubber makes it comfortable and easy to grip without fatigue.
This brush is wonderful for cleaning produce like potatoes, carrots, and celery.
It's easy to grip and has a nice stiff brush.
An added bonus is that it is dishwasher safe, so I can place it in the dishwasher to keep it clean and looking nice.
The rubber handle is made of a material that doesn't slip in your hands when it gets wet.
This is a well-made brush that fits comfortably in the palm of your hand.
I'll definitely get more than my moneys worth from this brush.
I always used the long handled vegetable brushes.
My arthritis prevents me from scrubing the vegetable very hard, then I ran across this little scrubber from Amazon.
I LOVE IT!  It fits my hand perfectly and scrubs the vegetables so clean that I usually leave the peal on for the vitamins.
Thanks OXO for a wonderful product!Debra in Texas.
The bristles are very stiff, I find it hard to use on delicate mushrooms, but great for scrubbing a potato.
But, it's been going strong for two years and overall I recommend it.
As with most OXO products this brush is well made and the bristles are a perfect stiffness for scrubbing potatoes, etc.
Long story shirt, she loved it and bought her own.Great product!.
I glad I happened across it and got it.
When you are cleaning the tater you can see the difference between an uncleaned spot and a clean spot.
If your hands are bigger the brush should still be perfect.
If you are petite and have really small hands you may want to get a brush with a handle.
Very happy I bought this little brush for getting the wax covering off apples.
Also use it on pears and potatoes and carrots.
If fruit has gotten soft like ripe peaches, then it's a little too stiff, but the soft brushes won't really work on the hard stuff.
This is the best vegetable brush I've ever used!  My old one was really soft and barely got the dirt off of vegetables.
I bought this for $3.99 and the shipping on it was free, by itself.
It feels secure in your hand and it has done a good job so far.
I like the ergonomics of this product and I think others would as well.
SIMPLE, FUNCTIONAL, ATTRACTIVE -- LIKE MOST OXO PRODUCTS.
So happy I bought this! Since I'm pregnant, I'm being more vigilant about washing fruits and veggies before eating them.
The bristles are soft enough that I can wash everything from broccoli to potatoes to nectarines.
Highly recommended at this great price too! It is cheaper than Target, etc.
The Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush does just what it says.
It fits in the hand nicely and does a good job cleaning vegetables.
This seems to be a quality brush with a nice feel for gripping.
It has closely cropped and quite stiff bristles.
The size is right and it is very secure in your hand.Very comfortable to use.
This brush is well made...fits well in my hand...sturdy bristles and cleans very easy.
The OXY brand has once again stood up to its' reputation!!.
FITS YOUR HAND PERFECTLY!  DOES A GOOD JOB ON VEGIES.
THIS ITEM WOULD BE GREAT FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE ARTHRITIS, VERY EASY TO GRIP.
These brush has nice, firm bristles that are great for brushing just about anything; fruits, veggies, potatoes, etc.
I love OXO, and I'm glad they didn't let me down with this one.
It fits very comfortably in my hand and makes scrubbing potatoes and other veggies very easy.
I wish I would have seen this a long time ago.
Now I plan to buy more for gifts and to have an extra for myself.
Not too soft nor too abrasive, just what I needed.
I bought this to use for cleaning dishes and light scrub on pans.
Nice ergonomic handle and soft but sturdy bristles.
Takes the grime off root vegetables very easily.
I hardly peel carrots anymore after a good cleaning with this brush.
this thing is worth every penny! I dont know how people could say they wish the bristles were stiffer.
large size of brush, makes it very easy to hold while cleaning vegetables.
bristles are not too stiff, nor too soft.
Recently I've been switching out a lot of the stuff in my kitchen with OXO brand versions.
Every time I try a new one out it just seems to work.
Given there is nothing revolutionary about a vegetable brush but this one just works well.
Its got an easy to grip surface, is ergonomic, and easy to clean.
In the end thats whats important and OXO delivers on that.
This brush is great for washing carrots, corn silk, and even more fragile berries because the bristles are so soft.
I use this brush to scrub my potatoes, apples, and vegetables (bell peppers, mostly) to get rid of dirt and pesticides.
I have had the brush several months and it is still going strong.
I leave it bristles-up so that they dry in between uses.
Very comfortable to use because of the soft rubber handle.
I will purchase a second if I ever lose this one or the bristles wear out.
This is a good vegetable brush, fits nicely in my hand, cleans the vegetables well.
I use it with a vegetable wash from The Honest Company.
I really like the way it fits in my hand and it scrubs the potatoes great!.
Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushA truly indispensable piece that every kitchen should have.
This more than just a vegetable brush, but it's intended use is better than others on the market.
The nylon bristles are strong and sturdy, dislodging dirt in deep nooks and crannies.
The Good Grips line features durable, nonslip flexible handles on every product.
As the days pass more and more uses seem to crop up for this little in hand cleaning tool.
This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite.
Never thought I'd be writing a review for a vegetable brush.
The fact that I am should illustrate how good this thing is, as is everything I own from OXO.
The grip feels nice in your hand and allows for easy motion, and the bristles are firm and don't wear out.
I use it to wash fruits and veggies all the time.
I'm reviewing this even though I never bought it, for some reason Amazon put it in my items to review.
I bought other OXO stuff and it is all good so this probably is too but what do I know.
It is a brush, probably brushes stuff, yee-haw!.
This is the best veggie brush I've ever owned.
It cuts scrubbing time in half, and it's held up very well (for 6 months).
I've used many vegetable brushes, mostly the horseshoe shaped with a handle, purchased from stores such as Sears,pennies, the ...marts, & kitchen stores.
I was skeptical of the positive reviews about this one.
I am impressed how well it fits in my hand & the ease & superior way it cleans.
I have had this brush for more than a year.
(Potatoes, carrots, etc)  I have used it to clean celery and wash fruit.
The bristles aren't soft but they are not stiff either.
And the sand and grit, the dirt all of this is gone without peeling.
This little brush added to my gustatory pleasure.
I got this brush to replace my vegetable brush that had a handle and was all plastic.
The OXO brush is easy to hold and I have much better control when scrubbing potatoes.
The bristles are much finer so that it removes more dirt and grit.
If you have to scrub/wash your vegetables, this is a wonderful brush and easy to handle.
Rubber handle doesn't slip out of your hand when wet.
It also cleans up well in the dishwasher so you don't have to worry about spreading germs.
I used it on potatoes and it worked great.
I am very glad I purchased this brush.
It fits nicely in my hand and gets the job done.
I purchased a bag of potatoes which turned out to be the dirtiest I have ever seen.
I generally appreciate OXOs thought into design, and this brush is no exception.
The size comes in handy when scrubbing potatoes, etc, it's much less &#34;handy crampy&#34; than my last one was.
Would buy again, would certainly recommend this for any cook getting older and having arthritis issues.
Cleaning veggies is not my favorite job, but this little brush makes it go quickly and does an efficient job.
This great little vegetable brush is sturdy yet flexible and cleans up great.
But i soaked it in Hydrogen Peroxide over night, and it was as brand new.
So now i know stain and grease can be removed from it.Recommend it, especially if you get veggies from farmers market often.
I have been cooking for a long time.
This is the absolute best little kitchen item I own.
It is without a doubt the best vegie brush ever.
It actually cleans the vegies and does it with little effort.I am planning on getting more to give to my kids and friendss.
My favorite scrub brush!  Great for scrubbing vegetables like potatoes.
I have also used it to brush out food from the intendations on Tupperware lids and the like.
But also, it really manages to clean vegetables.
I eat a lot of vegetables, and I use this a lot.
Wow!! What a Vege brush! This little brush has a comfortable feel.
The bristles conform to the shape of the potato, carrots, mushrooms or whatever vege you are cleaning no matter the shape or size.
It really goes to work without damaging the skin.
It cleans well and is also very easy to clean.
Worth more than the money spent for it!.
This is very easy to hold veggie brush.
It's not only comfortable and sturdy, but kind of cute, too!.
Perfect size to fit in the palm of your hand.
I've used it on potatoes, yams, cucumbers and celery.
The brush bristles are strong enough to clean and soft enough not to scrape the veggie.I have no complaints.
I bought it to qualify for a free S&H, and it works great.
Easy grip, stiff hair, but soft enough for any type of veggies from tomatoes to potatoes.
The brush is stiff, and is best used for fruits and vegetables with thick skin.
OXO is the best - high quality!  And because it is dishwasher safe - just fabulous!!!!  We use it on potatos and veges.
Works well and cleans up well in the dishwasher.
The whole Oxo good grip thing is probably a whole lot less important on a veggie brush than for some of the other kitchen tools.
Especially getting that extra dirt off of potatoes.
I will buy again when I need it.
I like this!  Cleans and does not damage skin.
Very sturdy brush makes cool water cleaning easy.
I haven't had bristles fall out or anything wrong with it.
It has strong bristles and is very easy to handle.
I purchased this after reading a review on a  cast iron grill pan that I purchased.
This works very well to remove on stuck on food from my grill pan and makes cleaning so much easier.
The bristels are tough enough to get food off, but has not scratched the non-stick of my grill pan.
I've been looking for a really good vegetable brush for awhile now and hip hip hooray I've found the perfect brush.
It has sturdy bristles, not to big, does the best job and fit perfectly in my palm.
I've purchased OXO brand items before and have been very happy with the items.
I can now say with full confidence that the vegetable brush can be added to the list of very dependable products.
It does an especially fine job on potatoes and lemons.
I'm so glad that I chose this particular vegetable brush.
Small price, yet as an OXO product, there is nothing cheap about it.
It's well designed, well manufactured, comfortable to hold in your hand, reasonably priced.
Just what I was looking for, just what I expected from OXO.
Is this the British company Oxo in London?.
I use this strictly in the washing of my vegetables and in the removal of silk from the ears of corn.
Fits in the hand so comfortably and works great.
I am going to get one for my daughter-in-law.
I've just received this today, March 28, 2009, and have already put it to good use cleaning potatoes while preparing to roast them.
As soon as I can test it with corn silk, or any other vegetable, I'll be updating this review.
Fits in the palm of your hand nicely.
It does a fine job on scrubbing vegetables.
This brush is easy to use as are most all Good Grips products, and does a nice job of brushing of surface dirt from veggies.
For items like potatoes, the bristles get into the little pockets here & there & clean them quite well.
I've purchased another & may yet get several more for Christmas stocking material.
If you want to scrub your fruit or veggies before eating them, this is the perfect brush for that.
I use this on a daily basis or nearly so.
It's a perfect fit for my hand and the bristles are stiff enough to do the job but not destructive.
I use this brush to clean all of my fruits and vegetables before I juice them.
It gets into all the crevices and cleans very well.
It is easy to hold onto and is very useful!.
I use this for veggies, fruit, certain food appliances.
Simple, works well, washable, fits in hand well.
What more can you say about a scrubber?.
This vegetable brush is extremely easy to handle, too.
Don't know how I lived without it until now.
I had been looking for a good vegetable brush for a long time.
Although this brush does not fulfill my definition of the &#34;perfect brush&#34;...it is excellent.
Just the right amount of bristle stiffness, right heft, fits my hand (and my wife's too) perfect.
I always expect quality stuff from Oxo, and they didn't let me down on this brush.
I always look for OXO before purchasing other brushes or kitchen items.
This brush is strong enough for a potato but soft enough for a tomato.
OXO makes a great product and you can't go wrong if you need a cleaning or kitchen product.
Amazon usually has free S&H and that's another plus.
I want my garden veggies to take the shortest route possible from garden to stove.
This brush helps me make short work of the cleaning part.
Works great, really good quality, I use it all the time and it gets my veggies super clean!  I would buy this again.
Its grip isn't terrible comfortable or uncomfortable, but it's a brush.
I also use it as a nail and hand brush, though it might be too harsh for folks with tender skin on their hands.
I bought two so my partner could help me clean veggies!  I do a big wash once a week after a trip to the store.
I liked this brush so much I just ordered my second.
Not sure why I have not had one of these before, but it makes things a heck of lot easier when I am cleaning carrots!.
From reading the description, I was thinking this brush was soft and floppy.
It is molded to fit easily and naturally in the palm of a hand, and is very easy to hold, even when wet.
Plus, it feels more expensive than it is, which is always nice!.
It fits great in your hand and works great.
Good job Oxo!  Great job on Amazon too for fast shipping.
I have used this vegetable brush for just over a year, and it still looks brand new.
The bristles have not bent or fallen out.
It fits into the hand nicely, and is easy to use.
The bristles are stiff enough to take care of business, but not so stiff that they rip up the skins on the vegetables.
Because the bristles are not harsh, I also use the brush on my hands to clean off ground-in dirt or paint.
Best of all, I can pop it into the dishwasher and restore it to germ-free cleanliness.
We wash all our fruit with this brush, and it's great.
Soft enough that it doesn't do damage, but firm enough that the fruit is visibly free of any dirt, dust, or wax.
The brush gets into the crannies, say around the stem of an apple.
Got this veggie brush to fill out an order.
Washes out clean, bristles are firm but not scratchy.
We find it perfect for cleaning veggies including potatoes.
Love how it fits in the palm of your hand.
And without a handle it takes little space for storage.
Fits in the hand nicely, big enough size to cover a lot of area fast and looks like it should last for decades!.
I have been ordering and using this for years.
Its look is simple yet it is very versatile.
I use it to clean fruits and vegetables, such as apple, orange, pear, peppers, celery.
It can also be used things around bathroom, for example, it effectively remove calluses from pumice stone.
I regularly sanitize these brushes, they really last very long.
The bristles stay stiff for quite a long time before getting softened a bit.
Its a vegetable brush, what can you say, it works.
The reason for only four stars is unlike other Oxo Good Grips, this is a bit small to hold tightly.
This is the best veggie scrubber I ever bought.
The handle is easy to hold and the bristles are stiff.
You can easily scrub all the dirt off of a potato and by using light pressure it also works well for delicate vegetables like mushrooms.
I also like it because when I feel like it needs a deep cleaning I just throw it in the dishwasher (which also kills bacteria).
I have had it for a couple of months and it is still in great shape.
When I do need a new one I will buy this exact same one again.
This is exactly what I wanted for a veggie brush.
This is yet another great Oxo product - I haven't met an oxo gadget I didn't like.
so far! This scrubber is easy to hold and makes quick work of cleaning potatoes.
It definitely takes the dirt off quickly and easily.
Cleaning vegetables is a chore that is a necessary evil.
That was several years ago and since then I've collected several.
It works but I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles (which I have so no big deal).
I've owned this for close to a year and it looks like new.
I have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years.
This works great so far, it works great and is easier to clean than i though it would be! i highly suggest this !!.
I've used other vegetable brushes that work equally well and feel equally comfortable in my hand.
The bristles also seem stiffer and haven't showed any signs of wearing down like an old toothbrush.
The bristles are STILL stiff, and that's with a lot of use over the past year.
The bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes I've used before, they don't flatten out.
The shape is ergonomically perfect, at least for me and much easier to use than those with handles.
Morever, whether it's because of the bristles or that I'm able to grip it really well, potatoes get REALLY clean.
I've even used it on tomatoes (don't exert a lot of pressure), celery, grapefruit, oranges, turnips, parsnips, and carrots.
I'm even thinking of getting another one to use for pots and pans - to get baked-on goo off.
This is a product that's both reasonably priced and does exactly what it's supposed to do.
It fits perfectly in the palm of my hand, very comfortable to grip.
Does it's job perfectly, couldn't ask for better.
The rubber grip remains easy to hold, even when wet.
The brush is a little pricey, but it is very well designed, and feels great in your hand.
This works as advertised (would be hard to fail).
The only notable thing is that I got a different model.
It isn't completely round with the low profile, mine is oblong and seems to be about twice as tall as the one in the photo.
Good quality and it has held together for about 2 months now without coming apart.
I use it for scrubbing "stuff" rather than for scrubbing vegetables because the bristles are a bit stiffer than expected.
Still, I like the price and that amazon prime convenience.
Fits nicely in your palm.I much prefer these of brushes that have a long handle.
This gives you much more control to brush fruits and vegetables.
Works great for crepes....at least my husband, the cook in the family says so.
When our first one broke (after years of use) he requested another one.
Here's a tip:  spray the spatula with Pam, then wipe it with a paper towel.
Rewipe every dozen cookies.Between this spatula, cookie scoop and my airbake cookie sheets, I feel like a real cookie pro.
Cookies practically levitate off the sheet and onto the cooling rack.
The gooey melty ones don't even stick--if you spray the spatula first.Take care.
This spatula is very thin and you must treat it like a lady.
It is not for flipping pancakes or burgers.
Store it by hanging it from the handle if you can and wash it by hand.
I bought this because it was recommended by Cooks Illustrated.
It is very thin and can get under anything.
But you have to get used to how it works.
The first time or two, take your time.
I was a little surprised at how flexible this spatula really is.
I have used it for a few months and it has been good and handy.
Sadly, I needed to replace a very flexible spring steel turner that had age-hardened and cracked.
I use cast iron, while others in the family use non-stick, and I needed two different turners.
I looked for them at various places, and was very disapointed at the selection: all were too thick and not at all flexible.
Amazon to the rescue!  They had the OXO Good Grips listed as a "large flexible turner".
I bought the stainless version for the cast iron pans, and a silicone over stainless version for the non stick.The stainless version is fantastic.
First, it is large enough to flip large pancakes without tearing them.
Third, the blade is very genty curved in a manner that causes it to be stiff when it is needed.
Oh, and fourth, the handle, as on all OXO products, is, well, just right.
How do they do that?When I first held it in my hand, I thought the blade would be too large for flipping a fried egg.
It is more "mid-size" than the larger model I just described.
This is yet another item I bought based on a recommendation from Cooks Illustrated.
In the interest of full disclosure I have to admit that I've only used it for removing cookies so far but it has performed great.
It was a purchase that I don't have any regrets about making and I recommend it to anybody looking for a good dependable spatula.
This is the spatula you've been looking for!  It is very thin and extremely flexible.
I just finished using it for a batch of chocolate chip cookies and it is incredible.
I had picked one of these ones up from TJ maxx one time and gave it away then couldnt find it anywhwere.
It is perfect for flipping fish, over medium or over easy eggs and delicate desserts/ fresh baked cookies.
nice longhandle makes it good for grilling fish and not burning your hand.
Defintely reccomend to anyone who is a lover of kitchen gadgets and tools or bakes a lot.
I use it all the time and it never disappoints.Edit: 12/9/12I  bought two more of these recently.
I am so spoiled by these that I rarely use a "normal" spatula anymore.
A huge argument ensued over the misuse of my beloved spatula, so to save our marriage, I bought 2 more for me.
The one my husband uses has survived very well, but recently one of the rivets holding one side of the blade to the handle broke.
It still works, imagine that, even with the extreme heat and weight demands.
Good thing I have a spare one for when his finally breaks!.
It is thin, flexible and wide enough for anything.
Use it literally every day making eggs for breakfast.
It is very easy to slip under over easy eggs with out breaking them.
Holds a lot of weight for such a slim design.
Would recommend and would by again if needed.
This is nice and thin and works great.
The resulting stiffness gives the blade enough rigidity to pick up hambergers but is flexible enough to slide under cookies and pancakes.
Although it is lightweight, it is everything I was looking for and everything CI said it was.
This spatula is incredible for cookies, and most likely for getting under fried eggs as well.
The super thin blade slides under cookies with amazing ease, and I wish I'd discovered this spatula years ago if only for cookies.
I wouldn't throw it carelessly around in drawers, for example.
I had an older version of this spatula that broke after many years of use.
I love the thinness of this spatula for easily slipping undera variety of baked goods.
I could not do without one of these in my kitchen.
Use it for cookies only and you will be thrilled.
I bought this spatula to use with my cast iron skillet.
It does a really great job for foods like fried eggs and bacon and smaller items.
Easily scrapes burnt-on bits off the pan and slides under foods easily.
Some have written that this is too flexible.
This type of flexible spatula take a few spins to get used to.
Just got it, so am just hoping the weld will last a reasonable time.
I had the last one for almost 8 years, before the weld wore out.
Once I bought my first flexible stainless spatula I literally threw all my other spatulas out.
The thin blade makes this a really versatile piece of equipment.
I use it for lifting, scraping, scooping and even slicing.
The  best feature on this particular model is the handle.
It's comfortable AND  you can lean the spatula against a hot pan without fear that the handle  will get too hot.
America's Test Kitchen told me exactly what to expect here, and I got just that.
Great for everything except anything heavy - which I don't encounter too often in the frying pan.
Don't expect it to be a lifter or server.
It's awesome for pancakes, eggs, French toast, etc.
I've never used anything that gets under food as easy.
I bought this for friend who likes to make omelets and was have hard time flipping them in small skillet.
It has made what was frustrating a joy.
This is perfect for getting under things in the fry pan, like eggs, and flipping them.
I also use it when baking bread to go between the pan and the bread and loosen it on the sides and underneath.
It is very flexible but yet sturdy enough to flip most things.I am now on my second one of these.
I *thought* I only had the first one maybe 2 years.
And if that was it - I would still rate it 5 stars.
I use this many many times per week and two years worth of work for $8 is a bargain.
So - Basically I paid a little over $1 per year to use this a ton for things only it can do.
Tempted to buy 5 more and store them away in case they stop making them 7 years from now.
I had been looking for a flexible spatula, but they are hard to find.
This works great on fish and also had good luck turning fried eggs.
I like the thinness too, because it's great for getting under cookies for quick removal from the pan.
Buy a COUPLE of these things, tools this nice grow legs.
A good spatula is a nice tool -- makes your life easier and better.
It's a basic steel spatula, very good for cookies, fish, etc.
I had been looking for a while since my old one broke.
The edge is thin enough to get underneath the cookie.
It slides under the stickiest of sticky-buns, pies, and eggs are lifted out perfectly without breaking the yolks under the &#34;sunny-side&#34;.
I'm going to order more of these as gifts.
This is a very flexible spatula so isn't suited to general use but  when you need one like this it is wonderful.
The only reason I don't give it 5stars is that this is my 3rd one.
I was so pleased with this spatula that I ordered a second one as a gift.
It's great for turning softer items such as eggs.
This flexible turner is exactly what I needed!  I wanted something that would slide under hot cookies easily.
It does NOT garble up the bottom of my cookies.
Which is perfect for flipping eggs and not breaking the yolks when lifting out of the pan.
This review is basically a copy from the review I wrote for the smaller version of this spatula.
They are essentially the same product with slightly different blade sizes.
I hope this is OK.This spatula (and it's slightly smaller brother) replaces my Oxo SteeL spatula for pancakes and eggs.
I'm pretty new in the kitchen so I'm just learning what works for me and what doesn't.The SteeL product line is nice.
I don't have a bad thing to say about them.
In particular the SteeL spatula is pretty heavy duty and well built.
The blade feels kind of flimsy and is very thin.
It bends easily and if you are too rough with it I believe it would permanently crease without much effort.
This is a super tool for getting under and lifting food, especially if it's stuck.
I looked a long time for this style.
I came across this item somewhere and have since purchased one for each of my children and my daughter's mother-in-law.
Not good for turning heavier foods, but absolutely the best for cookies or pancakes.
Anything by oxo is amazing they are such a good high quality utensil.
Once you buy one product you will want them all.
I must say that when I first received the turner, I thought it to be so flimsy.
But when I used it, I found out why it was that way.
I took cookies off of the baking pan with ease...and I turned the pancakes perfectly!  Love this turner!!.
Flips eggs without moving them around the pan.
The only problem is it is so thin and hard to put in the drawer without ruining it.
This is a well made product as I have found of all the OXO Good Grip products I have bought.
It is especially great for flipping eggs and smaller pancakes as It is so thin it easily slips underneath, without making a mess.
I bought this spatula on the nice write-up by America's test kitchen.
I had a few plastic ones that were really getting on my nerves.
They would stick to eggs when you tried to turn them over, causing as mess.
I bought this spatula after going through a few plastic ones that melted, wouldn't get clean, and just didn't work that great.
This works like a charm and flips stuff real easy.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it can be pretty hard to get little bits of food off.
This product is wonderful for scrambled eggs and other light and soft items.
Trying to use it to lift and flip heavier items is a challenge because the material of the spatula is so thin and flexible.
For grilled sandwiches I have to use one of my sturdy plastic spatulas or else spill the contents of my sandwich.
If this is going to be your only spatula, I would recommend looking at something else.
If you intend it to round out your kitchen utensil collection, then it is great!.
I replaced a thicker silicone 'flipper' with this one and its smaller version.
They are strong enough and work better, plus they are thin enough to get underneath the food.
This turner is very good for turning food in a skillet.
I used it turn some sticky carmelized onions and it handled the batch very well.
It also cleaned up the edge of the plastic turner I was using.
I am going to try it on some more items in the near future.
This spatula is exactly what I've been trying to find.
Since I generally eat food made from actual food, and not bricks, this works for my kitchen.
This spatula has become a favorite tool in my kitchen.
The metal is thin, but has enough curve so that it won't flop or bend.
I purchased this (based on Cook's Illustrated comparison of similar products).
The &#34;blade&#34; portion of this turner is very, very flexible (in on direction) but will hold quite a load.
Nice and thin and will get under just about anything - great for cookies!.
Got this to replace my thin spatula that is slowly disintegrating.
It's not as good as my beloved utensil, but it works.
The blade is very thin and slips under eggs perfectly.
The only complaint I have is that the blade is uniformly thin.
My old spatula has a thin edge then the blade slowly widens, providing support.
This OXO spatula is not as stable, flexes easily and can snap, sending food flying unexpectedly.
It takes some getting used to, but I have found it to be a suitable replacement for a utensil no longer available.
This spatula is the first one I reach for now when I am cooking.
Not sure if I will ever need to use the stiff ones again!.
This turner works real well in mt cast iron and is easy to clean and very flexible love this buy.
Being so thin it's amazing how well it handles.
These two features make for a really great design.
This is a fantastic kitchen tool for mashing vegetables.
The masher is well constructed and feels like it will last a long time.
This is a good product with a nice handle.
Its easy to use and it does the job of mashing foods well.
I always hated all the other mashers and how you had to hold them.
vertical it is easier to mash with less effort.
The only thing I would change on it would be to have the distance between the handle and the masher end farther apart.
Making mashed potatoes for a family of 8 my fingers would dip into the hot potatoes every once and a while.
Like most OXO products that I have used it seems to be fairly well made.
This is a quick and easy way to have mashed potatoes without whipping out the hand mixer.
You control the lumps and general texture.First, this is easy to use.
Unlike a vertical masher, the OXO has an easy grip handle which is comfortable to use and requires far less &#34;muscle&#34;.
I like the fact that I have more control over the texture of my mashed potatoes.
I like basic mashed potatoes that are on the lumpy side and the control you have using this masher will produce the perfect lumps.
However, when I make my holiday mashers with cream cheese I can go as creamy as I want.
Additionally, it is well made like all OXO products.
It's not easy to find good mashers, but I don't need to look further since I found this gem.
This masher has pretty short handles but works perfectly by putting your weight over the item being mashed.
Was opting for the Jamie Oliver Potato Masher but this one works just great.
Finally I can make mashed potatoes without using my mixer.
I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 for thos who care) and I can use this tool.
Traditional potato mashers just require more grip than I have in my hand.
Works great, just as a potato masher should.
I use it for mashing ripe fruit, too, for canning purposes.
I use a ricer for mashed potatoes, but this masher is fabulous for making refried beans.
The type of masher with wavy tines just doesn't do as good a job.
My friends in Mexico tried to steal it from me, so I bought a few as gifts :D.
Bought this for my daughter - who has managed to destroy 2 other potato mashers - didn't even ask how.
Know OXO makes a good tool so  I thought she could try this one.
I was able to mash 7 large potatoes into creamy perfection within 10 seconds.
I've never been able to do that before.
Better than even a food processor.The handle is shorter than most mashers, allowing superior leverage.
Plus, the size and design of the mashing head allows the potatoes to freely squish through the masher, making it easier and not allowing overmashing.
Solidly constructed of heavy stainless steel with rivets connecting the masher to the handle.
Its size and heft make it sitable for other purposed too.
When deep frying and a piece won't stay turned over for uniform cooking, this masher will keep your meat submerged for uniform browning.
After asking around I was recommended this style and it works so much better.
The pattern ensures an even mash and the handle makes it easy to use.
Easy, cause of the design, it's real easy to mash.
does a fine job, and you don't have to drag out the electric mixer.
The longer handle also allows you to avoid getting potatoes all over your hands while mashing.
The handle is also great quality and I'm able to maintain a constant, firm grip.
The design staff at OXO really have it together.
It's sturdily built, has a beautiful finish, and seems to have the perfect size and shape to mash the most potatoes with the least effort.
Besides, it looks great, and that doesn't hurt when it's off duty.
Does a good job without a lot of effort.
I prefer this type of handle for a potato masher to the sideways ones.
I wish the sides were a thicker metal, but I think it will stand up to the test of time, it seems pretty heavy-duty.
I have always used a vertical potato masher, and I am not the biggest fan of this one where you have to push down.
You cannot go as fast and because the holes are so small, you can't make lumpy mashed potatoes.
This is fine with my, but my girlfriend is not a fan.
Overall it works, but I wouldn't buy it again.
Thank goodness for a good heavy duty masher that doesn't bend or mash properly.
I will be mashing more than just spuds.
The grip is easy on your hand, and clean-up is a snap.I couldn't be more pleased.
I can't believe that I am so excited about such a simple kitchen tool.
And this masher more than meets my expectations.
Worth every cubic inch of storage.This is The One to buy.
Sturdy, comfortable to use, economy of motion and easy to clean.
In fact - the plus-es of this more than made up for it's sole shortcoming.
However, I would still choose this one over that other model because there was no hand fatigue with the Oxo.
My family loves mashed potatoes and when I make them I make a lot.
This was definitely put through some trials for Thanksgiving.
I'm looking forward to using it for Christmas, and for meals in between.
This makes the smoothest mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, squash ever.
Can't wait to mash baby food with it.
Decided to get this item instead of a potato ricer and I am not disappointed.
I wish it was a bit more heavyweight but it gets the job done.
This tool is very well made, easy to clean and easy to hold.
I steam and boil large amounts of veggis and keep them in the fridg.
until I heat them up and add them as a side for my meals.
I've been searching for a good masher that would shmush them up completely but still leaves some texture.
I use this masher at least three times a week and it does a great job.
Yep, it's much better than the useless curved style that I used to have.
The handle is nice, easy to grip and is easy on the wrist.
I used to make refried beans by mashing them with a fork.
It's much more thorough than mashing with a fork, as well, resulting in fewer large chunks and a smoother texture.
It also works quite well for mashing potatoes and sweet potatoes (even if I put a little garlic in).
Unlike one of the negative reviewers, there was nothing that came loose on mine, even with repeated use.
I have not been able to use it yet.
I bought it because I needed one for my kitchen.
I had no problems turning potatoes into creamy mashers with ease.
If anyone has problems with "lumps" with this, it simply means that you are not cooking your potatoes long enough before trying to mash them.
The shape of this works well also as you can get to the edge of the pot easily.
Have used this for over 2 years and it is just like new after many uses and washings.
This is a great example of the best of kitchen tools.
Buy it now, trust me you DO need it.
I have used it on potatoes (all root veggies actually) as well as things like apples cooked for apple sauce.
It is easy to use with a comfy grip.That said..i still feel like i need a ricer.
I think this is a great buy if this is all you will need.
If you will ultimately need a ricer anyway...consider getting that first and than see if you still need this.
The horizontal handle makes it easier to mash potatoes or bananas than the traditional kind.
There is a small gap in the welds on the sides by the masher that catch some food particles but they clean easily.
The compact size also fits better in a gadget drawer.
My preschool age children can also use this with relative ease when helping with food prep.
This masher does! Spray it with a little non-stick spray, mash a few time, and yum.
This is definitely the tool to mash potatoes by hand.
I avoided making mashed potatoes before I learned about this type of masher, now I make them frequently.
It's small price to pay for a tool that really works.
This is the potato masher I have been looking for!  I use it instead of my mixer.
This was a gift requested by college student.
Sturdy design like most OXO products, OXO is becoming my go-to supplier to replace kitchen tools I lost in a fire a couple years ago.
We like this covered ice cube tray because it keeps the cubes from getting &#34;fuzzy&#34; in our refrigerator freezer.
Like it so much we purchased a second one.
I needed some sort of ice cube tray that would be usable in a travel trailer and be easy to remove ice cubes.
The cover minimizes spills while freezing and it also enables loosening the cubes without them going everywhere.
I haven't had any problems with this ice cube tray.
I do tend to only fill mine about 3/4 of the way full so as the water freezes, there is somewhere for it to go.
I've always trusted OXO and even used to work in Kitchen appliances so I know they've got a great reputation.
I used this tray to make baby food in and I bought more because of how awesome these trays are.
They are super easy to clean and they cubes pop out so easily.
I had none of the issues with not being able to slide the lid and can only assume those who did must have really overfilled.
The ice tray is easy to use, opens easily, and the cube size allows for quick freezing.
I have listed what I consider pros and cons below.
I love the size of the cubes but it is inconvenient to have to stop and slide the tops back.
Great icecube tray, BPA free (Amazon should clearly mention this in the listing).
I love the cover, and I'll probably be getting another one soon.
Sliding cover is designed to let you dispense cubes one at a time.
I started filling the tray only halfway to get smaller cubes.
This ice tray is easily released and easy to handle because of the cover.
Only draw back is the cube is a bit smaller.
Not a problem really but just know that is the case.
I am glad I bought but a  bit pricey for sure.
haven't used long enough to know how soon the plastic will crack..hope not soon.
I like the weight of the trays and the shape of the cubes and am really enjoying having the covers.
Don't have to worry about stacking the trays and spilling.
The lid is easy to get on and off, and definitely keeps the dust out of our ice.
This ice cube tray with cover is wonderful for freezing fresh herbs.
The cover  allows me to place it in the freezer without worrying that something will spill it or drop into it.
I have an automatic ice maker in the freezer, so making ice isn't a typical necessity unless I want large cubes.
For that purpose, I have silicone trays in two sizes.
These are more sturdy than any other trays I've seen and the lids slide on and off pretty comfortably.
It is not a slippery slide, so I'm not concerned about much leakage if they are not placed in the freezer in a perfect position.
I most recently used them for freezing the whey from a yogurt cheesemaking endeavor and had no problem.
I filled both trays and had a little left over which I put in a 2 ounce paper cup.
I've had these trays for years and they still look as good as the day of purchase.
For baby food or pureed food for the elderly or infirm, these can aid in preparing and storing small portions.
If you use the technique of freezing and then placing the sections in another container or bag, you're ready.
I've also frozen fresh herbs in water for use in soups.
So far so good with these ice trays.
the cover is great , the cubes come out easy.
I stack these five high in my freezer.
Got this tray because it slid in a case.
So if I wanted to take it with me, the cubes would not get messy or I had to put it in a baggy.
Another feature is the water did not spill on my floor after filling it.
Getting the tray out was a bit of a challenge, but I ran it under hot water and it came right out.
These are really great trays ( I bought 2) they stack well and they're easy to remove.
I don't think you can go wrong with these trays.
I like the ice cube tray because of its cover.
But don't be deceived, it's not an airtight seal.
They come out immediately and easily with no trouble.
Easy to fillEasy to release iceand tucks neatly underor on top of whatever is in the freezer.
I bought these trays to use when I have too much spinach or kale.
You can grind it up with a little water in a ninja and then put in trays and freeze.
You can then throw the frozen kale into your Ninja when making a breakfast drink.
They are very well made and the lid slides back and forth so you can just take out a few without dumping the whole tray.
The ice &#34;cubes&#34; are also easy to extract due to their circularly shaped bottoms.
The lidkeeps odors out, avoids ice evaporation, and allows you to stack other items on top of the tray.
I bought these to use as molds for the fresh baby food I make then freeze for my daughters meals.
The molds are so amazing because the frozen food just slides out and makes storage a snap.
I have a couple of Eco Vessel water bottles that other ice cubes require chiseling with an ice pick in order to use.
These half-moon shaped chunks of ice fit perfectly through the opening of the water bottles.
Love them - love that I can stack then in the freezer and that easy to break before taking off lid to dump into bin.
I use these to freeze a special supplement, I make up for my cats.
I've bought 4 because they keep the meat fresh and clean for 2+ weeks.
Camelina Oil, then pour into - 2 Oxo Good Grips Ice Cube Trays.
Great for controlling feline herpes and their coats are amazing!.
We have an ice maker for our regular ice.
I use this to make coffee ice cubes with coffee that is left over when I make a full pot.
It keeps the coffee from spilling in our very packed freezer.
These are simply the best ice cube trays ever.
I will never buy any other ice cube tray.
The blade is wide enough to open the shells.
The grip is very good, doesn't slip at all even when wet.
Wish the tip was a bit thinner so it's easier to get it inside the oyster.
You should definitely also get a pair of protective gloves with this.
Solid build, non-slip handle, and thick enough blade to open even the hardest ones.Love this product.
So, my friends decided to have a oyster party, which means shucking oyster after oyster without getting shells in the delicious delicacy.
This knife has successfully shucked 48 oysters on two separate occasions.
It could be a little sharper for dislodging the oyster from the shell after you've opened it.
I bought this when I learned how much cheaper it was to buy oysters from the fish market than from a restaurant.
This does a pretty good job opening them.
Before I got this knife, they were using my butter knives to open shells, hence the bent ends.
Now I have straight knives again and everyone is happy, munching their oysters.
I have solo shucked many dozen's of holiday oysters in my day and know my way around a shucking knife.
Of the several I own, this is my second favorite.
Oxo is generally a reliable kitchen accessory manufacturer and for occasional use, it's not too shabby.
I do prefer a heftier blade, the Oxo is pretty bent up, but it does work.
I believe that this works just as well as the far more expensive oyster knives.
Before I found this gadget life for me was different.
I would cut corners like skip the deveining (yuck, I can't believe I did that!) unless the shrimp or vein was pretty large.
Everyone who has ever eaten shrimp knows how tedious shelling is.
In one small swoop the vein and shell is gone, leaving only the tip of the tail.
I have two houses and needed a spare for peel and eat shrimp.
I have a metal peeler, but OXO glides thru the back and make quick work of several dozen shrimp.
Get this one! It's really for foodies and cooks.
This works well for cleaning shrimp, as advertised.
I've cleaned 6-7 lbs of large shrimp so far and this makes it quick and easy.
A metal blade would probably lead to more mangled shrimp so it's just fine.
I'm quite satisfied with the item and would have no issues recommending it to anyone.
just stab the shrimp where it's head used to be and pull up, out comes the intestinal tract, really easy.
I used to work at Red Lobster and peeled and deveined LOTS of shrimp and this style is the best I&#8217;ve used.
I had one of these for years and somehow lost it.
I had to look hard to find this style of peeler/deveiner but wouldn&#8217;t settle for any other kind.
If you're preparing shrimp and hate deveining them, this is the tool to get.
This tool does just that, and ergonomically fits your hand.
This OXO product is easy to use and because of the large soft handle, easy to hold.
Slip off the shell with legs attached from the bottom and voila...shelled shrimp.
I think this is helpful when you master using it...which can take a bit of time if your used to using a knife.
Having always used just a paring knife to cut and de-vein getting the hang of this was a bit of a struggle.
I thought, being a bit of a foodie, I &quot;needed&quot; this.
So since it doesn't take up much space and isn't expensive I think this was a good purchase.That said.
We had crab tonight, and these seafood picks work really well.
The crabs have all the chambers at the connection between leg and body and the picks easily scooped out the meat.
The sharp two prong end is perfect for grabbing hard to reach bits of seafood.
These are a good design because they do not slip.
The only issue is they are not the most beautiful picks in the world and probably won't look good on a fancy table.
You shouldn't have to give up looks for good design.
If you are a serious hot shellfish eater, these are highly recommended for digging out meat and then dipping into broth and butter.
They fit the hand wonderfully unlike plain seafood forks.
My wife still likes to use a narrow pick for getting meat out of the skinny legs of crabs and lobsters.
Quite a bit bigger than I expected, so if you will use more for nuts they may not work as well for delicate work.
These will be really nice with crab legs and lobster, so I am still very happy with the purchase.
Just be sure to check the dimensions if you've never seen them in the store.
They are nice looking, and really come in handy when eating crab legs.
Not going to feel sorry if you buy these.
The steel finish on these picks are not matte (like in the photos) but shiny more like chrome.
Cosmetically, over time they get scratched up when used to get into the nooks and crannies of hardshell crab.
OXO is gradually filing in every possible kitchen gadget niche.
This is a real crab fork (forget those stupid cocktail forks, they don't go up inside crab legs).
If I hadn't lost it I could give a better comparison.
Never had an issue with our 1st, so we ordered another one for the kids bathroom.
The replaceable head is nice and the flexible neck makes getting under the rim a breeze.
I got tired of buying...and replacing...the cheaper toilet brushes.
I spent the money on three of these for each bathroom and really like them.
They are solid, no flexing or breaking and do a great job of really scouring the toilet bowl to ensure a thorough cleaning.
I bought these probably close to a year ago and they are still as solid as the day I got them.
I ordered two of these brushes based on previous good experience with OXO products.
They came in today packaged in nothing more than soft plastic sleeves.
Now it appears the problem is inadequate protection during shipment.
In the meantime they are both in place so we'll give them a test and see if they too live up to the OXO name.
I gave it four stars just because of the OXO name and will update if anything notable occurs.
bought to replace an over ten year old oxo toilet brush/canister.
am pleased that I can just replace the brush head portion on this.
I can't say this cleans any better than an old fashioned, hole in the middle brush.
It looks nicer and seems as though it will last longer, nice that the brush is replaceable.
Looks nice sitting there and is very effective.
My last one had a metal handle and it became way too easy for the metal to scratch the bottom of the bowl.
This new one has a nice big brush that does the job.
I rinse it out a bit in the sink first and then put it back.
Hardly, if any, water sits at the bottom.
I bought a replacement head so it's nice to have that on hand but won't be changing it for quite a while I'm sure.
You hardly have to bend over to use it's automatic flap open when you pull or flap closed when putting it home.
It would be very cool in brushed nickel, bronze or stainless.
This is a VERY good buy! I bought 3 and now I'm ordering two more.
If you do prefer to generate rust, put it back wet & let tepid, gross water collect at the bottom of the canister.
That can then be dumped out as it will collect at the bottom (simple physics of gravity) That's going to happen easily with any apparatus.
My  toilet brushes have held up fine for 2.5 years & counting.
It's all a matter of usage and taking care of things, right???.
Comes direct from Amazon and quality seems to be good.
I've used it for over a year, so I know for sure that it's pretty durable.
And it has an attractive look about it.So I can recommend this, but it's with one reservation.
Oxo has a compact version that sells for $7 less.
When I decide to get another brush for a second bathroom, that's the model I expect to get.
have had before and buying more for other sites, love the quality, look, ease of use of these products, happy.
These OXO good grips line have really been a godsend.
They have made cleaning up nasty dishes a million times easier.The soap dispensing handles are solid and easy to use.
The buttons to dispense the soap are in easy to reach places and they hold enough for about a month's worth of cleaning.
Refilling takes about 30 seconds and is usually done without spilling a drop.
I am pretty rough on them when cleaning our cast iron grill and they still last about 6 months before giving in.
Changing them takes about 30 seconds as well.Really ingenious product.
I use this scrubber daily for everything from plates, to pans, to glasses.
It easily dispenses soap and scrubs tough-to-clean substances.
They get stuck in there for days which is pretty gross.
This is the best dish brush I have ever used.
It is effective at cleaning and easy to keep clean.
The soap dispensing portion of the brush has lasted me over 5 years and it it used many times a day.
The top finally broke and I will gladly purchase another...it can't be beat!  I'm very happy it is still available.
Small, handy, useful in practice, easier to grip than &#34;handled&#34; brushes, and discreet when sitting on the backsplash.
And the brush design doesn't clot up with dirt like some others.
You don't have to use the soap-dispenser function, and it's still worthwhile.
Plus, the brush element is replaceable, like every six months or so.
I'll preface by saying I didn't by this oxo palm brush on Amazon, but at Target.
It is an amazing, solidly designed little gem that doesn't leak soap like some other brands and shoots a little squirt of soap on command.
It actually makes washing dishes a little fun.
In fact, most jobs that were once difficult are now fun because of this little brush.
I have used this for years but previously got it at Williams Sonoma.
Found it on Amazon for cheaper! Better than a sponge because it doesn't hold germs.
I bought this hoping it would save my nails when washing certain items that needed harder scrubbing than a dishcloth can do.
It fits in my hand easily and does the exact job I need it to do.
All in all, I am happy with this item.
Can't commend on durability yet, but it has worked well for my needs since I received it a week ago.
I have gained a respect for OXO products.
You may want to order a couple replement brushes.
It's not a design fault, they just wear out over time.
The integrated soap dispenser makes this small, inexpensive brush a very helpful addition to kitchen sink gear.
Used one of these at a beach house and just had to have it.
It works great and I run the brush through the dishwasher about once a week to keep it clean.
This is our second one, and it appears that it will last much longer.
Not only that, but the brushes are replaceable.
I like OXO's product innovation! The soap reservoir on this one is larger also.
Go easy on the push dispenser, soap comes out faster with this one.
They last reasonably well for the work they do.
I had one, ordered another plus replacement bristles.
The product arrived fast, just as ordered, I would recommend this anyone and would definitely order again.
It is so easy to clean frying pans and pots with this without having to have your hands into the  grease and grime.
It will do a decent job or stuck surfaces.
It isn't a scouring pad but it takes care of normal pans with panache.It is FAR easier to keep hygienic.
I first got the plastic scouring pad version of this dispenser/tool.
It also won't wear nearly as well as this unit.
The pads are softer and wear and lack this ones aggression.I am very happy with this unit.
It is better working than the normal tools we use on pans or dried dinnerware.
This product works well on plates and other flat type surfaces.
However, I have a hard time using it in glasses.
The bristles do not bend well to clean the sides.
I do like the push to dispense detergent feature.
This is the perfect cleaning utensil for little job, or pre-rinsing dishes before putting them in the dishwasher.
For tougher jobs, you will still need a sponge with a scrubbing side, but this works well for smaller, less though jobs.
We've been using this Oxo Brush for a several years now and use it just about every day.
It sits on our sink tray and saves on soap and water.
The refills keep it looking like new and are relatively inexpensive.
Friends who have seen us use this brush always want one so I give them as gifts.
I honestly think my husband would be lost without it since he uses it all the time.
the bristles on this do-dad are tough and sturdy.
easy to fill and leak-proof, no matter how you lay the thing, it never leaks.
Hard to adjust the amount of soap to dispense.
It is especially helpful with greasy items - pots and pans, in particular.
I wish that there was more control over that.
But, it's really it isn't that big of a deal.
The nylon bristles can be cleaned easily after each use, so it doesn't get disgusting.
This is perfect for removing crusted food of a pan.
This is a great kitchen tool! I always have mine handy.Notes: 1.) The bristles are very sturdy.
In spite of all of my hard scrubbing, they have never bent or frayed.
2.) It's shape allows you to get a good grip *and* still be able to mauver around pots and pans.
3.) There is ample space to hold liquid soap.
You'll only have to refill it every couple of weeks.
I use this scrubber to clean my sinks and dishes with good effect.
The bristles are strong and hold up to tough use and really are effective for getting into nooks and crannies.
The bristles have held up very well & you can buy a replacement brush when needed.
I had their original model and now they've improved it.
The soap dispenser doesn't get plugged up with gummy dried soap residue anymore requiring a hot tap water rinse to work properly.
And quite honestly, my palms have never been cleaner.
I use this to clean my spiralizer (Paderno).
It works great to get into the crack and blades.
I ordered this because I'm tired of using the scrubby pads that are on kitchen sponges.
I hate that they tend to hold onto stuff like gooey cheese and shred much too easily.
Yuck! This does the job without getting all gunky and it rinses clean easily.
It digs dirt out of grooves and tight corners.
It's great for cleaning the sidewalls around rivets, too.
What it won't do is take off really stuck-on food, but no brush will do that.
The brushes attach to the head securely, but are easily removed for replacement.
It's holding up well for almost 2 months of daily use.
They do not leak the soap all over as I had happen with other types of soap dispensing brushes.
The spring in pump-top of my Crate and Barrel bought brush broke so I ordered this.
These bristles are stiffer than my old setup, plus my old one was the stainless steel model.
I kept the new cap for my old brush and tossed the rest of this one.
I like this! Unlike the wand version it does leak soap all over my sink.
The palm-shaped handle makes it great to grip and scrub.I will say that I feel like I use much more soap with this.
That might just be a personal issue I have with not paying attention.
This is a great tool for use in the kitchen.
I am impressed with this economical tool by OXO.
The bristles, so far, are holding their own.
It's very hard to release just the tiniest of soap.
Just fill it with dishsoap and use when you want to wash a pan or dish without have to put it in the dishwasher.
FUNCTION:Great for scrubbing pots, plates, pans, and bowls.
This scrubs oily dishes without getting super oily itself.
Its easy to use and comes with a screw off top so you can easily fill it with soap.
You obviously can't really use this affectively on cups.
Just wish they came in multiple colors like the red, green and blue brushes for those of us wok keep kosher.
I had another one of these that leaked.
Beyond that, it does as it should--dispenses soap and provides a brush for washing dishes.
I love all of Oxo products and this little dish scrubber does not disappoint.
It is really sturdy and holds the dish soap in without it leaking.
It looks much nicer than a sponge or long dish brush and holds up really well.
It also fits really well in your hand and feels comfortable while you are using it.
I have been using it for over 6 months now and it is still in great shape, would highly recommend!.
I bought this for the office break room and it works great.
It is easy to refill and super quick to clean dishes.
This is a very sturdy and nice palm brush.
So handy to use for my husband and myself.
Sturdy device, and have used with confidence ever since receipt.
Nice bowl drains pasta and the handle holds up well.
Was able to toss my rusty standby with confidence!.
I was making jelly for the first time, and bought this (since the recipe recommended a fine mesh sieve).
I should have probably bought a much larger one, since it didn't hold very much.
I was straining apples and peppers for the jelly, and it worked very well.
I use it mostly for straining stock, and it's big enough to handle large quantities of liquid at a time.
The mesh is fine enough to catch even the smallest particles.
Really, what's not to love about this strainer.
There are cheaper strainers, but I doubt they're as well built as this strainer.
I own many Oxo kitchen tools and the 6-inch strainer is another example of the company's dedication to producing quality products.
It is very sturdy with a fine mesh basket and is long enough to prop across the smaller side of my double sink.
This is not a large strainer, so if you want a more versatile size, the 8-inch strainer would be a better choice.
My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute and "Culinary Artistry.
I purchased this product when I began using citrus juice in many of my meals.
This product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining juice.Pros:1.
Excellent for straining citrus juice to keep the seeds out of your foods2.
Fits well over the top of a blender jar3.
Hooks easily to the side of pans to keep if from slipping4.
Excellent for removing small pasta from boiling water6.
Handle stays cool so that you don't need a potholder7.
I recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook.
I was looking for a strainer that would keep quinoa from falling through.
Other reviewers said it was good for quinoa.That was a deciding factor for me.
So thanks to the people who thought to mention it.
This strainer is well made and seems sturdy.
I purchased this strainer specifically for straining cold brewed iced coffee.
The size is perfect and lets me do a large volume at one time.
My only complaint is that it has started to rust already after not too long.
I love OXO products though and would highly recommend.
Bought both the 6" and 8" Oxo sieves.
After all, they are only strainers to remove water from food.).
The worst part of making Quinoa is the rinsing part.
And it can get messy with all those tiny grains.
My strainers were not fine enough to prevent some from falling through the screen.
Saw some reviews saying this was good for quinoa.
I have used it several times and it works perfectly.
I've always had good luck with Good Grips OXO brand.
Another great buy!I am not sure if it is available cheaper in stores as none of the stores in my town carried this item.
I would check stores first to price compare.
I wasn't sure about purchasing but am glad I did.
It works well for the smallest grains, Quinoa for example, that I use.
I figure I have bought my last strainer.
The mesh is pretty small, too, so you can use it to rinse Quinoa and it doesn't pass through.
I should have bought the bigger 8&#34; size.
I generally like OXO Good Grips products and this is no exception.
Beautiful, sturdy, and rests nicely on a pot with the stainless steel parts.
I bought this strainer to strain my home-made soy milk and it does a great job.
It seems to be rather sturdy (I'm referring to another review), but time will tell.
I really like that I can rinse quinoa without the grains slipping through.
I'll report how it holds up next year.
It fits inside my pot to steam broccoli.
I use it to scoop shrimp or other things out of larger pots.
IIf you want to save some $ get the 8 inch else you'll end up like me and buying BOTH.-awr.
The mesh on this strainer really sets it apart from other, cheaper versions.
It doesn't indent or bend out of shape like others do.
Ask a cheaply made strainer to do those things, and some bits get stuck.
My wife wanted one to strain quinoa and this one works great! Well made and seems durable.
I bought this for the french press coffee grounds and i didn't want to clog up my kitchen sink and this item works great.
This strainer has just the right size mesh for straining puddings.
The handle fits nicely into my hand, very comfortable.
ATK says the handle will break but I am not that hard on equipment.
It was very slightly out of round when it arrived, like it might bend easily.
This is a great little strainer, its serves many purposes.
Its especially great for rinsing berries and quinua (sp).
Would like the mesh to be a little tighter.
Things like separated butter solids strain through with the clarified butter, but nothing that lining the strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth can't solve.
I have recently started to do alot more baking and also using a deep fryer for cooking turkeys, onion rings, etc.
After all, as in any job, time is money.
Another important consideration is how well things pass the taste test.
lolIt came to my attention after needing to strain oil and also flour and 10X sugar that I did not have a versitale strainer.
I can not recommend the Ebelskivers high enough either.
They are so light and airy and you can make them for any time of day meal.
Do yourself a favor and check them out.
Cleaning is a snap by just rinising it in water after use.So, in conclusion, if you are looking for a strainer I recommend this one.
The size is also ideal because you can do so many things with it without it being way to large or way to small.
I use it to wash rice and beans or anything else I want to strain the liquid from to make sauces.
It's disgusting but it helps keep the drain running.
I've been using this strainer about every other day for a couple months now and it still looks brand new.
Says it's the best one she's ever seen or used in her 84 years of life.
Perfect size for straining all kinds of things.
The mesh is double which makes it very strong and the handle is comfortable and strong.
It is great for small items that might go through the holes of another strainer.
This is the best mesh strainer I have.
I love it for tiny pasta, crushed pineapple, etc.
It's mesh is fineenough to where the product does not leak through.It is not flimsy and seems to be well made.
I love this finer mesh for the sprouting that I do.
The handle is good to sit in my sink and easy to clean.
I am a foodie and as such, I own quite a few strainers.
I have yet to get a 'dud' from the Good Grips collection.
I broke two strainers trying to make seedless blackberry jam, and everything else in the house had holes that were too large.
I put the berries and the juice in the freezer and waited for this strainer to arrive.
It's perfect--for everything you need a strainer for.
It's sturdy, has two layers of mesh and is the right size.
It might seem expensive, but the quality is excellent, and I can tell it will last for years and years.
The sieve is very fine and holds a lot--great for my making yogurt cheese and baking needs.
Really love this, and the handle is very comfortable, too (as are most OXO tools).
The little tip on the opposite side is terrific for supporting it in a bowl, something I consider essential but many sieves don't have.
You always know you're going to get a quality product with oxo good grips- nothing too fancy, but sturdy and well-built.
I use it for quinoa since it has mesh fine enough to not let any through.
But the holes aren't too small to make it generally useful.
It is dishwasher safe.If I don't give it a fifth star it is for the simple reason that I would prefer an all metal handle.
No strainer handle should be over a flame, but if I make a mistake it will take longer to cause a problem!.
I have owned any number of strainers over the years, but never one like this.
It is thoughtfully designed and made of quality materials.
I am looking forward to many years of service from this strainer.
Great job with straining quinoa, which cannot be done in most sieves.
I bought this today to strain my homemade yogurt.
My yogurt usually isn't really runny before straining, either.
It IS large...so large in fact, I'm not sure how I'd put it in the fridge overnight to make yogurt cheese.
All the other yogurt strainers on the market aren't big enough or are too delicate.
This holds enough that I can strain 2 qts.
of yogurt at a time in about 20 min.
Its temporary resting place is the dish drainer ;).
I love OXO products for they have never failed me and are so easy to clean.
I had a strainer that my mother used for many years.
It didn't owe me a thing when it fell apart!  I could see a real difference in this one.
Extremely well made...might be able to hand down to my granddaughter!  The mesh is very fine and does an excellent job!  Very pleased.
Sturdy and i'm sure it will last for a long time.
How much can one say about it? It does what it's supposed to do and it's well made.
I was looking for a BPA free fine strainer to rinse quiona and this one fit the bill perfectly! Oxo makes great, dependable products.
I love the hook on one end that allows me to rest the strainer on a bowl and free up my hands.
I began soaking and rinsing all my nuts, seeds and grains to remove the unhealthy acids.
I use this to rinse the food in filtered water.
It's big, easy to handle, and high quality.
I bought this to replace an old strainer I had used for years that had belonged to my Mother.
This OXO strainer was the closest I could find to what I had been using.
The little loop on the end helps this balance on bowls making it easy to pour your food without spilling.
The handle has a nice grip that doesn't get hot and is easy to hold.
I have no doubt that this will last for years.
If you need a Strainer you can't go wrong with this one.
It's verysturdy and has an excellent rubber handle for easy gripping.
When I wrapped it up for my fianc&eacute; and put it under the tree he knew what it was immediately.
He was excited to get it and I love when he cooks for me so WIN WIN! the quality of this product is good.
I use this to strain jars of fruit, boiled potatoes, etc.
It's a good size, not flimsy and hasn't rusted.or had the mesh pull away from the rim.
I've had it for a long time and am just reviewing it now.
Would definitely buy this again if it were lost...meaning if my son or husband took it.
So much so that I hung it on the tool rack with the other everyday essentials.
Great size, well made, sturdy, and even looks nice.
I had been making do with a smaller strainer which has been retired.
I have a colander but now use this more.
I hand wash mine but I can;t see why you couldn't put it in the dishwasher.
Finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to OXO.
All the handles look great, but are also very comfortable and practical.
This strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people.
You have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once.
Then you scoop them all up with the strainer (the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots).
Drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel.
Excellent product!  Would make a wonderful wedding shower gift.
I bought this to strain quinoa that would've slipped through the larger slits in my pasta colander.
I was looking for something that made washing quinoa less tedious.
I bought this particular strainer because another reviewer was pleased with its preformance.
It was not that hard to clean by hand, and it takes up little space in the cabinet.
I often rinse quiona or rices only to lose some down the drain.
So, I bought this super strainer which has solved the problem.
It's quite large, so easily holds two cups of grain.
I don't use it a lot, but it seems to be fine quality and is certainly holding up well for me.
the loop at the end makes all the difference if your straining to a bowl.
The mesh is also durable and holding up well.
I went to a big chain store that sold several varieties of look-alike strainers.
The OXO was the only one that held together.
On every other strainer, the screen came off the rim.I've been using this strainer regularly for a year.
The wire mesh is still perfectly intact, smooth and round (unlike other strainers I've owned that are riddled with dimples).
The mesh has also been fine enough for all of my needs, without having to also use a cheesecloth as I did with other strainers.
It is large enough to hold a whole can of veggies.
The white plastic kind, the wooden handle kind, but none have ever matched the quality of this strainer.
It's amazing what a difference quality tools will make in the kitchen.
But they were getting rusty and they just felt cheap.
The handle has a good grip to it, the mesh will have you rubbing it a little when nobody's looking, and it just looks classy.
The 8" size is the perfect general-use size.
The price is a little steep for what I'd normally want to pay for a simple tool, but it was worth it.
It looks like it's made well and like it will last for quite a while.
We use this all of the time! It is amazing.
I find that all the items I get for my kitchen form the OXO brand are just perfect.
It's reliable and not expensive and the rubber handles that they always use are awesome, nothing slips and falls out of my hands.
This is meant for sauces, to make them smooth and silky but I really use it for just about anything.
Heck, you can even put powder sugar in this or flour for baking and sieve it to perfection.
I have multiple sizes of strainers in my kitchen because they are so extremely handy to have around.
I love OXO products in general, and this one matches their usual standard.
It is well made with double weave, that is, two separate layers of mesh to prevent even very small particles from getting through.
The handle doesn't heat up, which is very important.
Finally, in a pinch, it can double as a flour sifter.Highly recommended.
I got this for my chef in training daughter.
She loves it and uses it all of the time.
I love this bad boy, good handle, good size drainage, and it sits across bowls or pots really well.
Glad I purchased it and would recommend it again, in a minute.
I have been strainerless for a few years.
I have somehow muddled through, but now that I have this awesome strainer, I don't see how I made it.
Like most OXO products, this has a great grippy handle.
The mesh is tight enough to catch even small chunks, and the strainer is large enough so I can balance it across my sink.
Frustrated with trying to wash small grains using my colander lined with cheesecloth, I ordered this mesh strainer.
For these duties, the 6-inch size is perfect.
It fits into my 3-quart saucepan with enough room to swirl it around to catch the goodies.It's pretty deep, too, holding two cups of grain.
No need for a measuring cup!After washing the strainer, I recommend hanging or standing it upright to dry.
At first, I laid it flat on my drying rack, but the mesh didn't want to drain out very quickly.
When I stood it up, the mesh drained out immediately.
I used my potato scrubber to clean this strainer after a messy job.
It doesn't have a tendency to tip over on its side in your hand like some other strainers do.
The size of this makes it perfect for what I use it for; incorporating flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder, etc when baking.
It's large size make it a suitable substitution for a more expensive French tami.
Unlike a tami this has the ability to be suspended over a bowl hands free.
It's also handy as a cooling sieve for freshly roasted coffee beans.
About the only thing she wished was that the basket part was deeper, and perhaps an inch wider, but it certainly works as is.
And, the quality of the product is excellent!  She compared to the one it replaces and there really is no comparison.
She had bought that old one at a store similar to K-mart, as an example.
It had lasted her about 12 years but then the basket separated from the flimsy edge holder.
I fully expect this Good Grips unit to last the rest of our lives, it's so sturdy and well made.
I've used it with both hot and cold items and it works well with both.
The mesh is small enough that I was able to use it to wash medium sized grain without losing any.
I've placed it in the dishwasher multiple times and it hasn't rusted.
I find I use this a lot to strain my plain whole milk yogurt overnight to make Greek yogurt, clean rice, rinse beans, etc.
It's the perfect size for so many things and fits my pots perfectly.
I've been using this strainer for a long time now almost daily and highly recommend it.
I own two of these strainers, and they are used almost daily for a variety of tasks.
They are hanging on hooks on my kitchen wall to keep them near at hand, and save on storage space.
I started out with one, then realized I wanted a second one because I sometimes prepare Indian dahl and basmati rice.
Both the rice and the lentils are washed several times and then soaked before cooking, but usually cooked separately.
I like to wash and soak them in the strainers in bowls of water.
The strainers are a perfect size for this task.
Each one can fit down really well in its own large mixing bowl.
After soaking, I can just lift them out, drain, and I'm ready to cook.
Handy for draining things.More recently, I have been experimenting with eating a raw food diet.
There can be a fair amount of soaking nuts, dates etc involved in the process.
So, if anything, my strainers are more in use then ever.
In some strainers this is loose, and so a lot of small particles of food stuff can get under the rim and be trapped.
Waste of food, and yuck!I have had both strainers for several years.
I am by no means delicate with my kitchen stuff, quite the opposite (not proud of this trait, but it's true).
These have been packed and moved a couple of times also.
Still in excellent condition.For those who are concerned with cost, I bought each of mine at Bed, Bath & Beyond with a 20% off coupon.
This made them a bit more affordable, and quick if you need one right away.
I shop at Whole Foods, but I would never, ever by OXO products there as one reviewer mentioned.
Not with B B & B around nearby, where the price is lower even without the 20% off coupon.
I bought this to replace my large strainer that's many years old.
The pictures of this one make it seem bigger than it is.
It does have a great handle, and the opposing loop helps it sit in a sink.
The handle is rubbery enough to be nice and grippy while coming perfectly clean in the dishwasher along with the rest of the strainer.
It fits perfect balancing in my sink and is used constantly for everything.
It strains quinoa which is a devil to get thru anything else.
before I had this I would sorta smush it till the water came out..this solved the problem and also helped me w/boiling pastina.
I cook a lot, so needed to replace my existing strainer.
This one is very sturdy and well made.
It's large, but I'd rather have the large one (that would still handle smaller quantities), than a smaller one that wouldn't handle bigger tasks.
This is a nice strainer and well constructed.
It is small, so not good for large jobs.
I make seedless black raspberry jam and this worked great, Held up to my pushing the fruit thru to get rid of seeds.
I got tired of getting scratched by the old fraying strainer we used to use so I bought this.
It's great and you can set it securely over a pan.
After a messy lesson that quinoa was too fine for my finest strainer, I went looking for something that would work.
Thanks to awesome Amazon reviewers who specifically stated that quinoa would work with this strainer, I bought - and am glad I did.
The build is quality and a decent strainer.
I just wish the mesh was a little finer to filter more out.
I have the 3" (OXO Good Grips 3-Inch Mini Strainer), 6" and 8" strainers in this design.
The holes are very small which allows you to strain almost anything without losing part of what you're straining.
What I really love is the size including the length of it.
Works great for anything you need to double strain like soups.
Has a nice loop that rests against the pot and a comfortable handle.
It is well built with the dual wire/rod handle and solid, durable rubber grip.
Then again, the metal construction may survive that.
This is a very good, well made, functional, relatively easy to clean small strainer which gets a lot of use in our house.
They're perfect for berries or straining soup or rinsing rice.
The mesh is good enough to sift cake flower.
Another excellent kitchen utensil from OXO, this strainer is great in many ways.
In additional to use when sifting, it is useful as a colander.
I expect many years of use from this utensil.
I returned this strainer because I found one at the dollar store.
The mesh is pretty fine so straining stock/sauce with lots of small bits, it can get clogged -- but it strains everything.
Have been using this strainer for four years and it looks new.
We run it through the dishwasher.The little hook is nice from hanging it on a bowl.
It fits in the corner of my sink to allow a slow drain (like for frozen veggies).
As we think about downsizing, I may find a slightly bigger one to add and then give away big colanders.
This is a nice size to take care of just about every need I would use it for in my cooking.
I'm glad I chose this one versus a smaller one since I usually cook larger batches of items for storing later.
Can't wait to use it to make homemade ice creams!.
This strainer is large enough and filters well enough to do this task.
This is important when using it over the sink as it keeps it from slipping around when the water hits it.Nice!.
Great for scooping pasta out of boiling water.I really like OXO products...well made, user-friendly, dishwasher safe and they continue to look like new for years.
I can't believe I had to order this online.
Bed Bath and Beyond does not sell this size.
The handles are very comfortable and it is so easy to clean compared with other strainers.
I'm an OXO girl so I have never had a problem with any product or item I have purchased.
This strainer has a very fine mesh, as was noted by another reviewer, so I decided to try it.
The mesh on this one also seems to be stiffer than some other models of strainers.
If you're straining stock or broth, this is a real time saver.
You don't need to bother with cheesecloth -- this double rod strainer gives you a very clear product.
It's nicely made, and will probably last a long time.
This  Strainer is  Well Made, Sturdy and  a very important  item  l in my kitchen.
It's not just any old Strainer, it's Special.
I love this strainer, it is top notch and high quality! Spend the money for quality items and no regrets!.
This is an excellent, sturdy strainer with generous capacity.
If you have a hanging rack (I don't), you'll probably like the clip at the top.
This strainer looks nice and has a solid feel.
I expect it to last a very long time.
If you're looking for an ordinary hand-held strainer, this is a fine choice.
It does its job, it hasn't come apart, and it shows no signs of rusting or breaking.
All I want is a tool that does its job well.
Its hardest use in my household is straining "things" from my beer and mead brewing experiments.
That typically means 5 gallons of hot fluid with varying weights of things that must be strained out.
Didn't realize how sad my old strainer was until I bought this as a gift for my future son in law.
Went back and bought another for myself.It is sturdy, has nice fine mesh, and actually reaches across my sink to balance completely.
I love quinoa, but didn't love rinsing it first.
It's important to rinse it first to reduce the phytic acid in it, otherwise you will get digestive problems.
Can't speak for how it will wear or rust over time.
I thought it was a bit pricey, but it's very sturdy and worth the price, so right now I highly recommend it!.
This strainer takes a beating and always performs well.
I have used it daily for ten years and had no problems.
This will get you the two most common sizes for melon/vegetable balling and it's comfortable to use.
It makes easy cuts of little round balls and then releases them well.
The handle however is not too comfy to hold.
I purchased this to replace my antiquaited bent melon baller that I have had for over 20 years.
This new new has a great hand/weight feel, soft handle for marathon balling and clean edges for even balling with ease.
I have many OXO tools on my baking/cooking apron.
I own a lot of OXO brand kitchen tools and have never been disappointed by their quality and versatility.
I initially bought this to produce nice sized melon balls for fruit trays and fruit salads; it does a wonderful job.
It has a good grip and works well with no slippage.
It is comfortable to use and surprisingly efficient.It is dishwasher proof and sturdy enough to last a lifetime.
I'm assuming the hole may be for other purposes as well, such as ease released of the fruit.
I mainly use it to core my apples and wow, how convenient!!.
the OXO is really sturdy and, as with all their products, comfortable to use.
I can tell I'll get years of use out of it without it falling to pieces like my previous one.
It just goes to show, even with a product that only gets occasional use, it doesn't pay to get a cheap one!.
I can use it to cut watermelon into serving size pieces with no trouble! Also, OXO makes durable products.
Well, it's a melon baller..not much to say.
The edges are very sharp and it makes perfect melon balls (and cheese balls, and avocado balls, etc).
The two different sizes are why I use this one.
The larger end I use to make perfect melon balls for a pretty fruit salad.
It's just a great thing to have around.
This one in particular has a great grip on it, and the convenience of two sizes of scoops.
Well there's not much you can say about a melon baller.
I can imagine that there are situations where the little scoop is also useful, but I personally don't use it.
The handle is really great because of its texture.
When your fingers are slimy (making meatballs, etc.
can be a messy business), it's a good grip to hold onto.
This does what is supposed to- it takes some practice to get the technique of making nice fruit balls but works well.
When possible, I always purchase OXO products, as I find them as well made and durable as the more expensive brands.
If for any reason one of their products breaks or is less than expected, I've always gotten immediate and satisfactory responses from the company itself.
The handle is sturdy and the two sized scoops are very useful for different tasks.
I use it to drain or scoop out any small items, such as capers or olives.
I like the idea of using it for meatballs or even balling up the crumb for crumb cake.
It's a versatile tool not only to create melon balls.
Not that I can use it very well, but it makes balls out of melons.
Sturdy, good grip, I actually use it for baking purposes more than making melon balls.
Many uses for this fine tool.EDIT: It also cores apples!!! Just cut the apple in half and use the baller to scoop out the core.
I also use it to scoop the seeds out of fruit & veggies such as peppers.
I can definitely recommend this wonderful tool - if you're creative, the uses are endless!.
I love Good Grips products since they're well-made and built to last.
The rim on both ends is sharp enough to easily cut through the flesh of both vegetables and fruit which is a plus.
I'd order one even if on the moment I had no particular use for it.
Eventually you will and you'll be glad you had it on hand.
This is great for making melon balls or scooping out an apple core.
My mom destroyed or swiped my melon baller and left me with her old and rusty one.
I love it so much I had to buy another one.
I keep it at work to core apples.
I think I'll need to buy another for at home and maybe a 4th for a present for my mom :).
Have always wanted a melon baller and have never had any issues with OXO Good Grip products.
Each scoop has a tiny hole for drainage and pop out purposes.
Bought in July and item has no rust spots - always a good thing.
I have started letting my 7 yr old daughter use it and she has zero problems with it.
I've used it for cookies and I have used it to core apples to make apple tarts.
I've also used it for watermelon and honey dew.
I've used it to scoop ice cream.I even use it as a spoon.
Maybe I'm just good at holding things.Really, though, my wife uses it more than I do and she' never had a complaint.
If you are unimpressed, maybe you should examine your melon balling expectations and see if you might be setting the bar a bit too high.
Works like a charm, and I love the easy grip- very comfortable to hold and use.
It works; it's a nice size, and truly can be used in a variety of tasks.
This should definitely be something in your kitchen drawer.
I don't have a technique when doing it so the balls don't look like the way caterers get them to look.
Again, I'm a newbie baller and not sure if that is standard for melon ballers.
i dont see myself having any reason to dock a star, a pretty simple tool built the way it should be.
This thing is great! It's up for scraping the seeds out of a cuke, coring apples, and even (!) making pretty little melon balls.
It's easy to clean, it's grippy, and it comes with two different sizes on the ends - just one scoop didn't cut it for OXO.
They went above and beyond the call of duty.
If only the people who set the price on this thing would do the same.
And plums and other small stone fruit as well.
My daughter loves to entertain and didnt have a mellon baller so I ordered this for her.
I used it for watermelons for our bbq.
Great handle and grip and it's dish wash safe.
I used this at a friends house and was very impressed with how easily it peeled.
I have had several OXO peelers, and this is the best so far.
It looks great, cuts great and is very easy to hold.
It is very sharp out of the box, and after 6 months of use it is still going strong.
Well built, comfortable in the hand and does the job they were made for.
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares.
I have always dreaded using peelers, they always catch, get blocked by debris or just feel cheap and dangerous.
We have a few different peelers for when working together in the kitchen, and we always "fight" over who gets to use this one.
As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use.
This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, comfortable and easy to grip.
Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too.
I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!.
I've had this peeler for over a year now, and use it frequently.
The other reviewers weren't kidding.This is (what I see) a typical OXO kitchen tool.
Heavy duty, good looking, and no groaning or bending when you attack really hard ice cream.
Add to that a handle large enough to put some serious carving power behind, and it comes up a winner.
I bought a bunch of individual Oxo SteeL utensils and love them all.
They feel substantial in the hand and I think they'll last a good long time.
I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews.
My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side.
Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold.
Ice cream and frozen yogurt scoops easily and comes out of the scoop easily.
I have only used it a few weeks, so I cannot rate on it's durability, but it looks sturdy pretty.
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares.
This ice cream scoop can scoop through the hardest of ice creams and not even flinch.
As for quality, it's made strong, hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use.
This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and the scoop release works great.
Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too.
I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!.
Excellent buy will last awhile if your looking for a scoop that last awhile here it is NO DOUBT.
So enjoy makes life easier on your wrist and arms.
I wanted a more rugged scoop for those harder ice creams and this does the trick.
The lever in the scoop was an added bonus, and usually pops it out.
It is very sturdy and well made and releases the ice cream with ease.
The OXO brand is easy to trust with kitchen gadgets.
The serrated edge of this pie server helps cut the crust if you don't get it with the knife on the first go-round.
I got this pie server for my grandma.
We used it this past holiday season and it worked great.
I wasn't expecting this to be super sharp, but I love that it is.
I look forward to using it to serve pies and other things.
Sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste.
Expect the steel pie server to last a lifetime.
This server is perfect for right & left handers.
Has 2 sharp edges for ease in cutting cake, pie etc.
The cutting edge is nice and sharp for a clearly defined pie slice.
I have a drawer full of OXO kitchen tools so I definitely am impressed by OXO's product line.
It has a comfortable handle and is made of a sturdy grade of stainless steel.
It is flexible enough to make a non-messy first cut and it can slide under to pick up the last piece of pie.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do.
You might think it strange that someone could get excited and stay excited over an item as mundane as a pie server.
As it should happen, pies are hers and I never tread on her turf when it comes to preparing or baking one.
I always seem to reach for this one first though.To begin with, I like the feel of the chunky handle.
I feel it gives me more control over what I am doing.
It is simply the most comfortable server we own.
I like the double serrated blades, which are actually quite handy, especially when you are dealing with large cobbler type dishes of serving consistency.
(By that I mean that some of these dishes are much better served with a large spoon).
One of the best features of this kitchen tool though is the strength.
It is of stainless steel and cleans up very nicely in the dishwasher.
As I am the primary dishwasher in our family, this last fact is extremely important to me.
It looks very sleek without looking snobby, but at the same time has a very "professional" look to it.
It looks and feels like a kitchen tool should...attractive, yet extremely utilitarian.I will not lie to you; I am a big fan of Oxo products.
It is an excellent product.Note:  The server we presently are using is our third.
The two previous ones (Sigh, they were like members of our family, I tell you.), both "disappeared" at church suppers.
I have a deep and abiding love for OXO Good Grips items.
It is high quality steel and the edges are serrated so you can cut your food before serving it.
The handle is grippy and ergonomic, which is perfect for someone like me with arthritis.
I thought the small serrated edge looked wimpy but it cut through a very dense crust with no problems.
I gave it a five star because the price is just fair, the grip is good and does its job perfectly.
The OXO STAINLESS STEEL PIE SERVER is absolutely the best pie server made.
Both sides of the triangular "blade" (from the tip to about two-thirds of the way up) are serrated.
Also, the server will stand up to being stored loose in a general kitchen-gadget drawer.
I purchased another to have one available whenever the first one is in the dishwasher.
This pie server gets a lot of use in my household.
As with all oxo products, this item is quality made, and attractive being part of their new steel line.
It is the perfect size for a slice of pie, and the rather sharp serrated edges on both sides make for easy digging into.
If you're a fan of oxo products, you'll love this one.
Now you can have your pie and eat it too!.
I got this for my mother in law and she loves it.
The rubber handle gives it a nice touch.
I recently added it to my wishlist so I can get one too!.
It works and looks very good and I would heartily recommend it to all.
Most oxo products are awesome; this one is no exception.
It cuts very well and looks nice, too.
As great as the nylon one is, it's just not as strong and can't cut quite as clear of a line.
Love this - just what I was looking for.
It cuts well (the edges are serrated), and it has the weight & rigidity you want when dishing out a slice of pie.
I'm very excited to try and use it soon!.
This product is outstanding and I highly recommend it!!.
It seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others.
If I'm looking for a new little kitchen tool, I always turn to OXO.
Sure, there are higher quality products out there, but again, I need affordable.
The handle has a great weight and the spatula is a great size.
Oxo SteeL Pie ServerThis Oxo pie server is durable, strong, comfortable, easy to use, and dishwasher safe.
I am happy to add this gadget to my ever-growing collection of Oxo items.
We bought this because it was a best buy from America's Test Kitchen....or one of the Cooks recommendations.
Find it difficult to remove a single piece of apple pie or pizza pie...use this pie server.
The item is durable enough to use for all food serving purposes -- cakes, pies, even lasagna, etc.
However, the wedge itself is fairly sizeable so small(er) slices may be more difficult to dole out of cakes/pies/etc.
The handle provides good grip and is comfortable to hold and doesn't slip when your hands are dirty.
The serrated edge is so nice because you don't have to get out a separate knife for cutting.
It is very sturdy and works quite well.
I purchased a second one for my Mother in law who liked mine.
This spoon is very well made, easy and light to hold, but sturdy enough to do the job.
I use it every day for scooping up cooked vegetables from my wok.
Stays cool even when left in a boiling pot.
Comes out of the dishwasher nice and clean.
Intended to use it as a serving spoon, but use it for lots of purposes.Update May09Still love it.
I focus on value shopping - doesn't have to be cheap, but must deliver value that justifies the price.
This spoon fits in with the rest of the tools I picked up.
This is a semi heavy spoon and the grip is very nice.
No problems at all to report thus far, I am happily pleased with it.
i have many utensils from this line, and just like the rest, this piece work beautifully.
The handle is a good weight and it's sturdy.
The only glitch is that the spoon is a little smaller than expected.
The slotted spoon, ladle and the serving spoons are all great.
I love all the OXO products I have purchased.
OK, it scoops food; so what?Well, this just has a darn good feel to it when I'm scooping food.
Ain't this all that counts?  Well, sure, it's durable.
I am very happy with this quality and construction of this product.
And I love that it is dishwasher safe.
I bought this masher to replace an old plastic one I had.
This one works better and is much easier to clean.
When I first saw this unique design I was doubtful that the masher would work.
But it does!  The masher is very sturdy; the handle comfortable to grip.
This tool will easily mash potatoes, other vegetables and fruits easily and quickly.
My old potato masher finally gave up the ghost.
So I was looking to purchase a new one.
You can always rely on OXO to deliver a practical, long-lasting kitchen tool for a very reasonable price.
The OXO Steel Potato Masher is a attractive and quite sturdy.
I've only owned it for a few weeks, but I can tell it will last for years and years.
I find a potato ricer (OXO makes an excellent one) is the better tool for mashed potatoes.
A potato ricer will leave you with the lightest and fluffiest mashed potatoes with no chunks.
Still, I'd recommend buying this or one day'll you end up trying to make applesauce with a bent spatula, like me.
How can you go wrong with a potatoe masher LOL..............it works great nice and sturdy very happy with my purchase.
Fits in a regular kitchen drawer for storage.
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares.
This masher works great without much effort, and the foods come out perfect.
As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use.
Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too.
I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!.
I have always had cheap potato mashers that either bent or broke.
But, like most things, you get what you pay for.
This is why I decided to go with this one.
It doesn't bend or flex when you are mashing, and I use it for potatoes as well as other things like bananas and beans.
I wash it in the dishwasher and have had no problems.
A little pricey, but you might as well get something quality that will last a long time.
:(  Often I will boil the potatoes in a nonstick pan then, after draining, pour them back into the hot pan to mash them.
It weighs 6.9oz / 197grams.The entire unit is so sturdy and feels perfect in the hand.
The stainless steel head is amazingly heavy duty.
I was comforted to know that because I don't like chrome or mystery metal.
I'll pay more to get a nice grade of stainless steel every time.I could not be more pleased.
You could bonk an intruder on the head with this thing and do enough damage to get yourself out of the house safely, methinks.
:)  As for mashing potatoes - it doesn't get better!.
I chose 5 stars because this product is very sturdy, great design.
It mashed potatoes extremely well and it does the work not the person mashing.
I would recommend this for anyone who doesn't have an electric beater or who sometimes wants the texture from the old fashioned way of mashing.
This is my first masher and it didn't disappoint.
This is a great potato masher that is easy to use, ergonomic, and best of all for me, easy to clean.
It rinses off easily with the kitchen sink sprayer and also cleans nicely in the dishwasher.
I have found that this masher is definitely worth the money!  It will last forever, it seems!  Happy mashing!.
It produces very thin clean cut slices of cheese and is really easy to clean.
I do not put it in the dish washer.
As a kid, I would eat bagles toasted with melted cheddar on top every morning.
I had a great cheese slicer with a thin, round, wooden handle and loved it.
Stocking my own kitchen, I wanted to get a cheese slicer that was as enjoyable to use.
This slicer has none of these problems.The handle is designed well.
It feels very comfortable, sturdy and looks great!  I liked my old wooden handle slicer, but this dishwaser safe one is better.
I can make it through a pound of cheese very quickly, producing uniform slices.
Some people might like slices that are thin enough to be slighly translucent, but I prefer the slices you get with this.
of course, you can use it to peel things too.
It's sharp enough to hangle mangos, but will take off a thicker layer from apples/potatoes/etc.
than a good peeler.The slicer's only con is a narrowish slicing blade.
The old slicer i had was almost wide enough for a land-o-lakes (pretty standard) size pound of cheese.
This slicer will have room to spare with the more square shaped pound of cracker barrel cheese, but not much.
OXO SteeL Cheese PlaneThe OXO SteeL cheese slicer has a nice stainless steel blade and an attractive brushed steel section running down the middle.
The rubber handle grips give it a nice feel in your hand, similar to the slicer from AnolonAnolon Cheese Slicer.
That one has a handle that is made out of black plastic.
It's still big enough to almost cut from a standard cheddar block.
If you want a solid handle and don't mind a more narrow blade, this is the way to go.
If you don't mind the plastic handle and want to save a few bucks, give the Pedrini a look.Enjoy!.
This is a good purchase, if you just want a cheese slicer for every day use.
It does a very quick and easy job of slicing all hard cheeses.
It also worked on soft cheese, a lot better than I thought it would.
After complete kitchen remodel in 2010, I looked far and wide for an under counter stainless steel electric can opener to match my appliances.
I was stunned to find there were none on the market despite extensive research.
After struggling with my old Zyliss (emphasis on the Old), this OXO works effortlessly.
After sucking it up and paying more than $3 for a can opener, I can honestly say I'm glad I did.
Have been using it for daily for a year and it works so well.
If it ever breaks, I am buying a copy.
The fact that this is a quality product will be obvious as soon as you take it out the packaging.
By just picking it up you get the impression of heavy duty quality.
I'm sure I'll get years of use from this opener.
Because of it's size you get a good mechanical advantage on first penetrating lids; and the oversize knob makes operating the cutter very easy.
You don't have to have arthritis to appreciate the ease of use provided.
Cuts through lids like a hot knife through butter.Highly recommended!.
AWESOME can opener - heavy duty and high quality.
I like products like this one because they will last probably forever!.
Comfortable even for arthritic hands and well built.It works so easily that often it doesn't even feel as if it were working, but italways does.
I bought this about 3 years ago and it has performed very well, opens the can with minimal effort.
No rust has appeared which had been a problem with my previous can opener.
Excellent addition to my kitchen!  I needed to replace the cheap can openers that I purchased after my Pampered Chef one broke.
The only downside is that it can not be washed in the dishwasher - other than that - fantastic!.
Fast, easy to turn, the cutting action is smooth and have not had any problems with different size cans etc.
Love the handles as they feel ergonomically comfortable in your hands.
Have read other reviews on this and I have not nor plan to put these in the dishwasher.
For a hand can opener, this is easily the best that I have ever operated.
Got tired of an electric can opener that was a pain to keep clean & took up counter space.
Bought other battery & hand openers that we ended up throwing away.
This opener is almost easier than an electric.
It doesn't get the very last piece of the lid, but just twisting it gets it off.
Great product! Easy to use, have only used it a few times but seems very sturdy, is very easy to turn.
Great quality - the handles are comfortable and do not hurt your hands when opening.
Had some concerns when researching this, as looked like may be &#34;cheap&#34; feeling--is not.
Very hefty and solid, opener works flawlessly, and is comfortable in hnad.
Hands down, this is the best can opener I've used in my entire life.
The large handle makes opening any can so easy.
I think this will last many, many years.
I used to buy cheap $1 can openers at the dollar store.
After I broke the 10th one I realized the stupidity of those cheap products.
The Oxo can opener is a superior product that will outlive cheap can openers by 20 times the product life.
We have been using the same rusted out-hard to open up can opener forever.
Always saying we need a new can opener but never getting one.
The first time using this we said to ourselves how dumb we were to wait so long to get a new one.
So smooth and quick and effortless to open a can.
It's the perfect weight and looks sharp too.
This is definitely one of those you get what you pay for lesson learned situations.
I am 71 and have carpal tunnel and cubital tunnel syndromes of the right hand/arm.
This can opener is a joy to use and requires not much strength to open a can.
Didn't want an electric can opener sitting out all the time and they wind up not working after a while anyway.
The manual cheapies are hard to work and I've gone through about 5.
So stupid since I would have saved money just paying up front for a good one.
Can't tell you how pleased I am with this OXO can opener.
The woven "strap" is adequate, and seems securely attached.
They suit me just fine, and I am very happy with them.
The OXO opener is absolutely so easy for my arthritic hands to use.
A little pricey compared to the model under it but I keep mine on the counter top so this one really looks nice.
I look forward to years of use out of this set and plus it looks cool too.
I broke several cheaper openers, but this one feels solid and I have no problem opening the cans.
I don't have to struggle with THIS can opener.
It is well worth the price; it cuts through cans like a HOT knife through butter.
And it opens flat so you can get to the moving parts for a thorough cleaning.
I don't know if my old can opener was a complete POS, but this opener is so much nicer.
If you are like me, you have likely tried several can openers and most of them have likely been of the electric variety.
Stop searching right now and pick up this Oxo Steel Can Opener.
This opener gets it right almost every time and on the first try.
I know it's difficult to rave about something so simple, but sometimes it's the simple things that matter.
My only complaint would be a simple one: it takes up a bit too much space in the utensil drawer.
But I'm more than willing to live with that if I can have a simple product that works.
Wish I had this years ago and did not wasteMoney and time searching for another.
It is a finely crafted, well balanced solid unit.
It makes me think of teutonic surgical instruments, or picking up a 7-10 split.
Cans quake in fear at its mere appearance.
It slices through can tops like some metallic surfer carving the galaxy.
It is truly a samurai katana of a can opener.
Don't balk, just buy it, you'll find yourself grinning like a winner every time you reach for it.
I got this and my first impression was how sturdy it felt.
When I started using I was not disappointed in the least.
The mechanisms that cut the can are nice and snug to the can making it a breeze to open.
Electric openers might be easier to use but when you consider space requirements this is the way to go.
I had almost given up on finding a good manual can opener.
I have always used an electric can opener but occasionally needed a manual one for those over-sized cans.
I bought several supermarket versions and they were not much cheaper than what I paid for this OXO, however they were useless.
The last one I bought looks like it is really good quality but it simply doesn't work.
I needed to free up counter space so I put the electric one away and started using the manual I had bought.
Nine out of ten times I had to pull out the electric because the manual didn't work.
There is no brand name stamped anywhere on it and I couldn't remember the brand.
I wanted to complain to the manufacturer, it was that bad.
I remember the really cheap metal manual I had in my camping gear working better than the last two I bought at the supermarket.
So after reading the reviews on this OXO I decided to give it a try.
I can't believe how beautifully it has worked for me.
I am very happy with this OXO and may never need my electric can opener again.
I also love that it doesn't tear the paper from the can, like my last cheap one did.
I have owned many can openers and this one is by far the beat.
It opens the can smoothly, no missed edges and the lid never falls into the product.
I have purchased this can opener a month ago and I really like it.
I have not had any problems with it so far.
It is very easy to use and does not 'slip' off the can like a lot of other can openers do.
When I make soup, I open a lot of cans.
My husband has commented that is makes opening cans very easy.
I have tried every possible kind of can opener and they all, for better or worse, can't compete with this one.
Even the turner is large and comfortable so it does not dig into your hand while opening the can.
So effective and comfortable, even my young kids can use it.
Also, it can be washed int he dishwasher!  No more grimy grubby openers which can never get properly cleaned by handwashing.
I don't like electric can openers because they get nasty fast, very unsanitary.
I prefer to toss this one into the dishwasher.
I'm assured a clean and sanitary opener every time.
I actually came here to buy a couple more.
Products that work this well are a pleasure to preserve through hand-washing vs.
putting in the dishwasher.I intend to give it as gifts.
I just got this can opener and it works so well!  I hardly buy anything in a can, just tuna fish for my cat.
So I just need something handy about once a week.
The last one I had just got so dull, this one is fantastic.
I looked into getting an electric opener but am happy with this simpleand extremely easy to use opener.
My old opener was an ancient Swing Away, the only kind I've ever bought for the past 30 years.
Decided it was time for a change and ordered this opener because I've never been disappointed with an Oxo product.
I couldn't believe how easy it opened cans, even ones that were dented on the top.
I have frozen shoulder and mild arthritis in my hands.
The OXO easily opens cans of all sizes in a flash.
To keep it clean, we just toss it in the dish washer.
I needed something that worked! It not only worked but gone are the days of struggling just to open a can.
In my quest to downsize and take myself off the electronic grid as much as possible, this can opener is AWESOME.
No effort required and opens the cans cleanly.
I've only just begun to use it, but it's the nicest one i've ever used.
The ease of use is impressive, and it's very comfortable in my small hands too! All in all, i'm a fan.
I will have to see how well it stands the test of time, but for now, i'm happy.
I purchased this can opener as our old one started lose grip on the cans while opening.
I checked out Amazon website to see what's available and came across this one.Very pleased with the purchase.
I ran across this opener at a friend's house and couldn't believe how easy it made can opening.
Everything is relative, but I actually enjoy using it.
It always seemed like I needed a new can opener every year.
They would get nasty, dull, harder to use, the crank would break, etc.
Originally purchased 4yrs ago, and it still looks and works the same as it always did.
A very good investment, having easily outlasted every other one I've bought and will continue to do so for a good long time to come.
It gets the job done quicker than a standard can opener.
The large handles and turn piece are big enough to not have to strain your hand muscles!.
It is amazing how many horrible can openers there are.
We wanted a good one and bought this based on prior reviews.
This review will serve to echo the many that came before it...this is a good one!.
It is easier for us to open cans.
Both of us have arthritis in our hands.
No problems with the quality after 6 weeks.
It opens cans easily, the handles are comfortable, it's dishwasher safe, and it doesn't require any electricity to operate.
Hard not to like at  this reasonable price!.
I really like the feel of the knob it seems cushioned and fits a mans hand.
Its huge handle makes it easy to turn, the edges don't hurt your hands when you are opening it.
I've had this opener for 3 months and I'm very happy with it.
It is very easy to operate and the handle is broad; easy to hold onto.
I've had this opener for a couple I years now and it is amazingly easy.
I bought one for my 80+ year old family members and they use it with ease! It's a high quality product that will last!.
OXO's SteeL is the best manual I've ever worked with.
It locks onto lids without hassle and smoothly opens them with a minimum of effort.
The rounder, ergonomic turning knob sets it apart from your standard fare of openers and it just seems much easier to turn.
I've yet to find a can that it can't handle.
The stainless steel finish is still holding up beautifully after over a year of nearly daily use.
Our electric can opener resides in storage now.
I waited how many years to buy another can opener and now wished I had done it sooner! Effortless!.
I went from an electric to this product and I have no regrets.
It fits great in the utensil drawer and looks great with everything else that is stainless steel in my kitchen.
I would never guess that a hand can opener is easier to use over an electric.
Once you use this, you will NEVER want to use anything else.
I find myself buying canned stuff over fresh stuff just to use this....ok not really but it's that dang good!.
LITTLE PRICY BUT THE BEST OPENER I HAVE USED IN YEARS.
EASY OPENING WITHOUT MUCH STRENGTH AND THAT'S WHAT I SO NEEDED.
Love it!  As someone stated in their review, it is the &#34;Cadillac of Can-Openers&#34;!.
Love it and would recommend it, especially someone who may have joint pain.
no fuss, easy to use, easy to clean, won't jam up on younot complicated like the other can openers that cost more than their worth.
No need for an electric if you have one of these.
Heavy duty, high quality, very easy to use, even if you have arthritic problems.
OXO makes fantastic products for all kitchen needs.
Outstanding manual can operner!  Works effortlessly for right and left handed person.
Very clean cut and is worth the little more money as it will be the last can opener I purchase!.
Over the past year I have bought several manual can openers from a variety of places including Walmart and Target.
They all either never really worked or broke after only a week or two.
Now with this great product and my canned food, bring on the apocalypse.
OXO has so many great products and this is one of them.
Oxo Steel Can OpenerThis is another kitchen essential and Oxo has made one that is very ergonomic, as it fits your hand very well.
Stainless steel blades make it durable, and the large, soft turning knob is easy to manage.
When this opener is clean it works as brand new.
It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it's large mechanical advantage and handle construction.
I am very pleased with this can opener.
This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite.
Purchased this to replace an old can opener.
Does what it is designed to do, and the OXO brand is a lot cheaper than some of the "premium" brands.
Don't know if you have to pay a lot for a can opener.
A tip might be to clean the blade after you use it, which may help it from gunking up over time.
Remember, in a power outage, the manual can opener still works, heh.
This one is so much better than the cheap types I've subjected myself to in the past.
This one opens cans when I squeeze and turn the finger-friendly handle - that's all I wanted, and that's what I got.
several uses and no problems at all, no rust.
the big soft handle makes opening cans a breeze.
Smooth function, little rust in the 2 years we've had it.
The blade cuts into the can nicely, and the large handle makes it very easy to turn.
Easy to use (Ihave carpal tunnel syndrome, so I need kitchen gadgets that are easy to use.).
Sure it's expencive but you do get what you pay for.
This can opener works very smoothly, makes a nice clean cut and is comfortable in your hand.
THE KNOB ON THIS THING IS WONDERFUL!  IT CUTS REALLY WELL & IT'S A VERY STURDY OPENER AS WELL.
IT SURE SEEMS LIKE IT'LL LAST A LONG TIME.
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares.
This can opener is so smooth to operate and just won't fail.
As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use.
Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too.
I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!.
This can opener consistently and easily does the job.
This can opener has been with us for about two years now and I can't say I have any complaints about it.
The handles with rubber grips are substantial and sturdy.
The can opening device (teeth?) has (have) not bent or given way to any cans.
And, the knob has been made of durable plastic, so it hasn't chipped or flaked.
We typically don't put this in the dishwasher, and I wouldn't really see the need to--hot soapy water works just fine.
Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to replace their can opener.
This can opener is my go-to even though I own an electric can opener.
Never-fail, smooth operation; it is a heavy, quality piece.
I bought it in case our power went out, but use it all the time!.
This can opener is THE smoothest manual can opener I have ever used.
It doesn't take up space on my counter top, it's easy to clean, and it's silent.
Yes, you still have to turn the handle or whatever, but it is nearly effortless, and I'm a tiny female with tiny hands.
Why waste electricity? I never thought I'd say this, but I won't be using electric any more.
It is smooth and little effort is required to open cans (even thick cans!).
This can opener works the regular way and cuts inside the lip of a can or cuts under the lip.
What ever way you like---it does the job and goes in the dishwasher!.
First crack of the can is its best feature as it does it so easily.
The wide black rubbery turner is comfortable and does a clean fast job of removing the can lid.
We had another OXO can opener previously, but this one is by far the downright best can opener we've ever owned.
I would highly recommend it if you want to make opening cans as easy as taking a breath of air.
It's very easy to use, especially useful for older people who may have arthritis or people with weaker fingers.
This is by far the easiest to use and clean and operate can opener I have ever used.
It opens wide for cleaning,takes minimal effort to use and works flawlessly.
I know it is expensive but it sure saves your arms, hands, shoulders and mind!! compared to others out there.
You do not have to struggle like some others to get them to work, if at all.
Very efficient and enjoyable to use and easy to clean.
This is one of the better can openers out there.
I like the fact that I can just pop it into the dishwasher when it gets food on it.
I've cleaned it in the dishwasher multiple times and so far there's no rusting.
This is the Bentley of all can openers, look no further! Easier than an electric.
I've waited over two years to write this review and it's working as well as day one.
This is the best can opener I have ever used.
Works well on both small and very large cans.
This is the best, easiest and fastest can opener I have used.I will never buy another kind again.
I imagine it is something to do with the shape of the dial and the sharpness of the blade.
All I know is that I love this can opener.
The the large handles make it easy to use and easy on your hands and fingers.
Built solidly and it looks like it should last forever.
This is the easiest to operate can opener I have ever used.
We wish we had replaced our other opener with this one a long time ago.
This Oxo 58081 Steel Can Opener is terrific.
It works like a charm and is really easy to hold; it is especially helpful for those of us with slightly arthritic hands.
Another real plus is that it washes beautifully (by hand) and won't rust.
I highly recommend this brand and model of hand can opener.
This item was received in timely fashion and in perfect condition.
This replaced the can opener I've had for about 10 years.
This opener glides through any can like a hot knife through butter.
I was amazed at first, then angry with myself for holding onto my old opener for so long.This is absolutely worth every penny.
I've got to warn you, though: you might find yourself making excuses to open can after can just for the fun of it.
Yes, it makes that much of a difference.
This Steel Can opener  is very easy to operate, cuts lids easily and efficiently.
I highly recommend this  great product from OXO.
This thing is solid, well constructed with no looseness and makes opening a can an almost enjoyable experience.
I've had a lot of can openers that start getting to be more of a battle with continued use.
The Mercedes-Benz of can openers!!  I also bought one as a gift.
Seemed silly at first spending nearly $20 on something as simple as a can opener, but I really am quite happy with it.
Was so tired of hand can openers that  break after a short period of time.
This product is made sturdy enough to last.
Works great on those large cans that the electric opener just can't quite handle.
We finally replaced ours after 10 or so years.
This is wonderful, sharp, easy to handle, and a good buy.
But then I found this one, and it's perfect.
We've been using it for about 6 mo.
We're pretty sure this is the best one out there and would highly recommend it.
The legs and handle are comfortable to grip and easily manipulated.
The opener latches on well and turns with gentle pressure, smoothly and quickly.
While the opener is bulkier than traditional openers, it is light!  This is a high quality kitchen tool.
We have been married 32 years and this by far is the best can opener we have ever owned!.
Handle is easy to turn, cut is even on the lid and on the rim of the can.
It's so nice to own items that work smoothly and well.
What can you say, it opens my cans effortlessly.
It has a nice large handle that is easy to use.
My wife is taking chemo therapy and she has some necropathy in her finger tips and she can use this opener easily.
When it came time to buy, it was a choice between this one or an electric one.
I chose this one simply because in thinking this would be easier to keep clean than a electric can opener.
Plus really,,,, how often do ya open cans ??? For me, not much.
So buying a manual can opener made more since.
Anyways,,,,,, effortless to use and being solidly built makes it a good buy.
it really does work super good, shipping fast.
nothing else to say, it does what it is suppose to without complaint.
Yes, I was suprised by how easy this can opener worked.
Having been the sole can opener in my household, I was used to our previous opener which died on us.
You pay a little more but you get an opener that will last you many rust free years.
I haven't had too much luck with carbon steel openers (quick to rust).
I got this for a friend and she is happy with this product so I am also, good quality and price.
This manual can opener works like a charm.
I didn't want to deal with an electric or a rechargeable, since they are more likely to fail.It is easy to grip.
It sets on the lid of the can easily.
And turning the knob to open the can is effortless.
It has some weight to it, which makes it feel well made and solid.
The teeth no longer gripped the can.I bought the "Oxo SteeL Can Opener" because of all the good reviews on amazon.
So far, I am very pleased with my purchase.
Amazon was the seller."Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:" (Isaiah 55:6).
I got this in Dec.'09 and it still looks like new.
Soft comfy handle, soft comfy knob, easy to start a cut in a can lid and best of all -- it's totally quiet.
There's no uncertainty whether or not a can will fall out of an electric can opener's feeble grasp.
I am sure that I will need another in a few years, but for the price, this one does the trick.
I have been through a million can openers and for some reason have had the worst luck with them.
This can opener is durable and cuts through cans like butter.
It's strong, pulls the lid into perfect place, and never misses.
If you've been using a cheap-o can opener, this one will truly impress you.
This is an easy to use can opener that opens cans flawlessly.
There is not much to say as it does what it is supposed to do.
WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS CAN OPENER IS THE EASE OF OPENING CANS.
If what you desire is inside of a can, then this can opener will open it.
PUT BIG HOLE IN IT, SPECIFICALLY, AT THE TOP.
It will open ANYTHING--soup, corn (creamed or whole), beans, ham.
It will also open: hearts, minds, eyes, arms, doors, books, floodgates, Pandora's box, and, curiously enough, marriages.
It is effortless, smooth, and a total badass.
It's so easy to use, a blind dolphin can use it.
You COULD get a cheaper one for $4.
Yes, you could be a hater and do that.
Pencils, socks, books, CDs, cell phones, Sacagawea dollar coins, Little League trophies.
You will wish ALL OF THOSE THINGS came in a can.
One of the many reasons your current can opener sucks a left nut is because it's not stainless steel.
Therefore, your crappy can opener is sucking this can opener's left nut.
I must admit that this not the exact OXO can opener that I have.
Mine is exactly like it except it has the soft handles - not like the less expensive model with the bottle opener.
Otherwise mine is identical and I wouldn't be able to function in the kitchen without it.
I've had mine for about 3 or 4 years - maybe longer - time flies.
I saw where only a few reviewers were disappointed.
I don't understand how that could be possible.
Also, got tired of taking up counter space.
I don't think anyone will be sorry for buying this can opener.
This can opener is not only pretty, but easy to use.
It doesn't jump off the can rim and the turning handle is very good for arthritic fingers.
This critter opens 8 cat food cans a day, day-in and day-out along with an assortment of pantry products for the family.
All my previous purchases were the lower end of the OXO Can Opener.
I decided to buy this more expensive model because the rubber handle portion is only towards the end of the handle.
My other OXO can Opener broke at the joint of the rubber and the stainless steel although I used it for several years.
I believe this model be the best choice.
I would recommend it to my friends and other relatives.
Only small oddity is that the turning knob is so large, its hard to slide into the drawer.
The knob has to go downwards in the drawer for my drawer to close.
But minor compared to the ease of use.
We have been using ours for about 5 years and it is still going strong.
It is fast, easy to use, and comfortable.
There is no pain or discomfort when holding it.
It cuts the can cleanly and is just plain easier to use than electric can openers.
I thouhgt about buying the one touch can opener till I read the reviews.
This had good reviews and I still liked a manual can opener.
It turns very easily and thats what I was looking for.
So I guess it's 4 ++ and to me that equals a 5.
I buy a lot of OXO kitchen items and invariably review them positively on Amazon.
It has a nice weight to it, but more importantly it is very easy to use.
It cuts through cans like they were made of butter.
It is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort.
It is well made and easy to clean, though as the manufacturer points out it should be hand washed.
It has soft hand grips which adds to the comfort factor.
It Is also great for anyone who might have arthritis in their hands or lack upper body strength since it requires very little effort.
THIS PRODUCE IS GREAT!!! Best I have every used--it is easy to grip, sturdy, glides around the can effortlessly.
I've had tons of manual openers too and this has worked and lasted like a champ.
When you're done with it, just throw it back in the drawer until next time - no more wasted space for an electric opener!.
We have used manual can openers for years with great success.
We decided to replace our last one as the cutter wheel was getting dull with age.
I've never quite gotten "the hang" of electric can openers-- if I get the can open, it's truly LUCK--not SKILL.
It is soooo well worth the extra money.
I just love Oxo's squirting dish brush (the only one I've ever used that doesn't leak!), & I will definitely try more of their products.
Best one yet, ordered an under the cabinet unit, had my old one for many years and it  finally gave out.
Ordered anew one and that didn't go through 10 cans before it broke.
This a tank compared to all the rest.
I purchased this for my mom who has issues with her hands.
The large handles are comfortable and it consistently opens can without having to go around multiple times.
The large knob on this can opener makes it easier to use than the other can openers that we have.
Every time, on the first pass around the rim, it opens the can.
Now, I don't open a dozen cans a day.
I open one or two a day, so I'm not really stressed about how this would feel after hours of use.
The can opener's not ugly, but I can't bring myself to care about that either way.It's a good can opener.
IT IS JUST THE THING FOR WEAK HANDS.
This manual can opener is both easier to use and easier to clean than my old electric one.
It looks great, and lives in my &#34;gadget drawer&#34; so it doesn't take up space on my counter.
It handles really large cans with ease, and the over sized soft knob is a plus.
I'll never buy another electric can opener again!.
After going through about a dozen cheap can openers, I finally broke down and decided to invest in a good one.
I mean - it actually opens the cans, and you don't need to be Hercules to use it.
I've had it for several years and it was worth every single penny.
In fact, I had initially began my search for an electric can opener as my old one bit the dust.
Fortunately, at the end of my search, I wound up viewing the Oxo Steel Can Opener.
Once the can opener arrived I broke out a large can of soup and put it in action.
The wrench-esque knob enables you to slice through the can by effortlessly twisting it.Potential buyers should know a few things about this can opener.
1.) It fits your hand perfectly and comfortably.
2.) There is no extra strength required as the can opener slices through the tin top like a warm knife cutting through butter.
3.) The ease of opening cans cannot be overstated as many disabled or elderly people have a weak grip.
I bought a terrible $3 can opener, then a slightly less bad $5 can opener, then a still bad $10 can opener.
Then I gave up and finally bought this can opener which actually works consistently and well.
It's the same model as one that I had for who knows how many years, but the old one started loosing its edge.
This OXO can opener seems to be well made and most of all makes can opening a breeze.
I've gone through a lot of can openers and hope this one stays sharp and lasts.
It's not dishwasher safe, but is easy to wash by hand with a little soap and water and dry thoroughly.
It does not have the made in China stamp on it.
this opener is good for people with arthritis in their hands it turns very easily and for a good price.
These are so much better than what I've been using, and the old ones were not cheap!  Amazing how much better they are.
Had this for about a year now and it is still perfect.
Easy to operate and no issues grabbing the can.
The cutting wheel and surrounding area is not rusty or gunked up either.
I have owned this can opener for a couple years now.
It is the best one I have ever used considering both handheld and electric units.
It is very easy to use and cleans up nicely in the dishwasher.
Looks like it should last longer than I will.
All I wanted was a can opener that worked.
That actually cut the lid entirely and didn't leave little bits of steel to struggle with.
Using this opener is like riding in a Cadillac after having ridden a worn out scooter.
OK that's about as passionate as I can get about a can opener.
It's good, if you want a manual can opener that works, buy this one.
I bought this because my wife has arthritis in her hands and I hoped it would make it easier for her to open cans.
It helps, but not as much as I would like.
This is the best can opener that I have ever owned.
I have had it for 1 year and it has given me lots of use with no trouble.Its also very stlish and comfortable.
I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and using gadgets like this can be difficult for me.
This can opener requires less effort so its good for my hands!.
Wow !!!  How I wish that I had come across this "baby" a long, long time ago.
I am so pleased and happy with this fantastic can opener....I tell everyone that will listen.
This is a fantastic product and so worth the investment.
I absolutely love this can opener...and I just bet that you will too.
I have gone through so many can openers over the years.
I keep them clean, I keep them dry, I don't use them as weapons.
I've tried cheap ones, and even some pricey ones, and they're all the same.
So far, this OXO can opener has lasted the longest.
It's outlasted all of them, and has not even started getting difficult yet.
Time will ultimately tell, but I can say this is the best one I've owned so far.
Okay, my old rusty can opener died after many years of use.
Being a cheapskate, I was trying to stretch the life as long as possible, but finally it gave up the ghost.
While I was looking for a replacement I found this thing and read its many rave reviews.
It is very easy to "start", getting a good grip and "bite" into the can lid.
It has a smooth action, is easy to turn, and there is no slipping or skipping.
We've been using an electric can opener for years now, and it's all of a sudden decided to stop going around the can rim.
I contemplated getting another electric opener, but saw all the great reviews for this one and figured I'd give it a try.
It's a tad expensive but well worth the money.
I would highly recommend this product -- good for kids and adults with hand difficulties too!.
I HAVE ARTHRITIS AND THIS CAN OPENER SEEMS TO BE OKAY TO USE BECAUSE OF THE GRIP.
ITS NOT AS HARD TO TURN FOR ME AS SOME OTHERS WERE.
it does a great job of opening cans.
this one is easy to crank and it stays on the lid and doesn't track off or skip places.
it does what it is supposed to do and now days, any item that actually works as advertised is a rare thing!.
I don't want to have to take 20 protein shakes a day.
Every crappy can opener I would buy broke within a year.
I can already tell this is going to last awhile!.
We had an old can opener that well, didn't open the cans as one would like.
I have been trying more and more OXO products, and was pleased to find the can opener.
It turns so easlly and the cans open so smoothly.
I have been careful not to put it in the dishwaster.
my wife tends to be "can opener challenged".
It had the easiest mechanics, and it even had a bottle opener.
I've gone through quite a few can openers over the years.
This one is even better than the expensive Kitchenaid that I bought a few years ago.
The initial clamping down requires a firm clamp -- but then it's all smooth, effortless sailing from there.
The grip may feel a bit large for smaller hands, but it's not heavy -- notwithstanding the solid feel to the entire construction.
The big, wide "turn" handle is very nice.
I've gone through a few different models of can openers over the last 10 years or so.
From the EZ DUZ IT model to a fancy kitchen aid.
They all work, but not as well as this one.
It's about as easy as it gets to use and cleans easily.
So far, I've only had it for about 6 months, but I anticipate it will hold up for a few years at least.
I try not to throw it in the dishwasher, because I get the feeling that is what ruins these things.
As with most (not all) OXO products, you likely won't be let down.
Plus, it was a @#$%& to clean that little mechanism and involved a toothbrush.) and 3 handhelds (the "inexpensive" from W.
[aka the cheap-cheap-cheapy from China]; a more moderately priced Oxo from T.
I'm not a lefty at all.)  So, with great hesitation, I spent money one more time on this Oxo, based on the good reviews.
I was skeptical, having given up on can openers being good anymore.
Oxo got here in 2 days (love, love, love Amazon Prime so much) and I've been happy ever since.
I was hesitant to get another manual can opener, because they all seem to go kaput after a year or so.
The test will be in how long it works like this.
This oxo steel can opener is amazing!  I can't write enough good things about it.
Easy on the hands, just make sure to hold it closed or it will slip off the can.
After reading good reviews I purchased this can opener.
Even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions.
After using cheaper can openers this was a breath of fresh air! It's so comfortable and effortless to opens cans now.
Okay, my wife has rheumatoid arthritis and we've tried many manual can openers.
She was using it just the other day and I asked her why she didn't use the electric can opener.
She said for the smaller cans she likes to use the Oxo.
She held it up and smiled at me and said, &#34;I love it.&#34;  I cannot give a better recommendation than that.
I don't know why but many can openers seem to have trouble doing their primary function - opening cans!.
Let me just say that I love this so much that I want to marry it.
WAY easier to use than even electric can openers which sometimes fail to attach properly and the can falls off.
I once pledged my love to it as well.
So I purchased this one to replace it.
Wow! this guy can open anything! I order canned Blue W.
grain-free dog food five cases at a time, and when they're shipped to me, many of them end up dented, even on the top rim.
They got right back to me and asked me to email them a photo of the broken opener.
Awesome products and awesome customer service.Still, thank you, OXO, for your fabulous customer service.
Nice to know of a company that stands behind its products.
Until now!This can opener is easy to use, doesn't hurt my hand to crank, and won't break down like my electric.
In fact, since my electric one gets so messy after each use, I just pull this one out of the drawer instead.
No sense wasting electricity, even miniscule amounts, when this can opener is so convenient and takes little or no muscle to use.
It was a bit spendy for a can opener, but it should last a long time.
It is easy to clean but it doesn't even seem to get food on the blade like my electric one does.
The handles are nice and grippy, typical Oxo, and it has a nice weight to it.
It appears to be well built and pretty sharp.
I will never waste my money on electric can openers again.
You can even use this one when the power goes out!.
A perfect can opener.....I am hoping it lasts and lasts because of the ease of use.
A little pricey compared to others, but they don't last AT ALL.
This appears sturdier, less apt to rust and be inoperable in a short time.
This can opener, like most OXO products, is well-made andhas a good-feeling grip.
It works quickly with not toomuch effort but you must keep an even pressure near theend so the lid completely cuts off.
I would have preferreda can opener that leaves a smooth edge but I've had verynegative results with several of that type.
Every one Ihad left slivers of the can label, or even worse, sliversof metal which got into the food.
This is a good, sturdy can opener which is easyto use and should hold up for many years.
Care must betaken when removing the lid after opening, but I've solvedthat problem by never picking it up with my fingers.
I havesmall tongs which I use for that purpose - no more cut fingers!.
This one gets the job done right the first time.
This is a nice, modern, and well designed can-opener.
Attaches easily to cans, requires minimal effort to turn - which is especially helpful if you have weak hands or wrists.
I've been using an ancient swing away for 25 years and it just didn't work anymore.
It cuts clean and doesn't twist the can dumping liquid all over the counter.
I love the handle which protrudes out just enough so you can get a good easy grip and it turns effortlessly.
I think this is very well thought out, great product.
This can opener is better than any I have owned previously, but not perfect.
After a year or so, the gear mechanism is starting to slip when I first start turning the handle.
Also, the opener does leave a little strip of metal between the can and the lid, as some other reviewers have mentioned.
However, I have never owned one that doesn't do this.
This is sturdy, and ergonomically-friendly (got it for my elderly mother).
I checked it out and this is by far my favorite handheld can opener.
Even if you're used to the electric kind, this opens cans easily without much strain, has padded handles and is sturdy.
I read the reviews on this product before I purchased it and do disagree with a few of them.
Although the can opener works great I have yet to have it completely detach the lid from the can.
No problem as far as I'm concerned but I'm noting it because other reviews claim the lid is completely removed.
This OXO Can Opener replaces a similar opener of a different brand that, after probably 8 months of use, became difficult for me to use.
It simply, easily and quickly completes the job.
As a former Chef I am picky about using only quality kitchen utensils, and I heartily endorse this can opener.
Most manual can openers have a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can, but not this beauty.
&#34;You get what you pay for&#34; is never more applicable than with can openers.
This guy--after almost a year of (lots of) use--just takes a licking and keeps on ticking (er, cutting).
All sized cans are no match to this ergonomically designed machine.
Very easy to use, operates smoothly, doesn't require a lot of pressure to turn, comfortable handle.
Only negative if not dried right away starts to rust.
this is the thought that immediately popped into my head upon first using this can opener.
Oxo SteeL Can OpenerThis is the best can opener on the market.
it's just a can opener, but almost 3 years later, i'm still amazed by this kitchen appliance.
it opens cans so smoothly, and easily, and it's still clean and rust free.
I bought this on Novermber 30, 2011, but I wanted to wait a little while before I wrote this review.
Can openers have been the bane of my existence over the last several years.
So, so many of them work great at first, only to fall apart or stop cutting after six months.
It's been over eight months now and this opener still works like new.I'm the cook in the house, and I cook a lot.
This can opener works very smoothly, with very little effort, is very comfortable in the hands, and has so far stood the test of time.
I will update immediately if it does break or lose functionality.
If you're reading this and there's no update, it's still working great with heavy usage.
Opens cans so easily! Am throwing out my annoying electric can opener.
I have had it for a while and no rust either, unlike every other can opener I have had!.
I have been very pleased with my purchase of the OXO can opener.
This can open anything from soup cans, large fruit cans, and large coffee cans easily.
I have read that OXO designs their products so they will be easy to use, and easy on your hands.
I have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use.
If you are looking for a replacement can opener, I think you will find this a good one to choose.
Solid, sturdy, smooth and effortless operation, feels like it will last a long time.
Very happy I got this one and not an electric opener.
A little pricey, but if it lasts it will be worth it.
Hope his one doesn't  get rusty, as it isn't cheap.
Have been washing by hand and not putting on dishwasher so maybe it will last better.
Love the big knob and the way the handles fit in my hand.
I remember when I was a kid and my parents got one of those electric can openers.
We were mesmerized watching it do its work.
I've used manual openers ever since.I'm not sure why you'd want to pay more than $15 for a can opener.
This strong and durable one from Oxo does the job remarkable well.
Cuts cleaning and smoothly and goes all through the lid without your having to twist and pull that last little sliver of aluminum.
Solid construction that grips well in your hand and even kids can turn it without problem.
This really is the best bet for the money.
I don't like electric can openers so I am always looking for a nice manual one.
The expensive pairs are nice but I have to say that they are not as comfortable as this one.
I hate looking for a can opener when I need one so I keep several around.
For the price this is a great value and even though I have large hands it's really comfortable.
Slight amount of corrosion after a year but you have to look really close.
I was so tired of can openers working for a week, then I got this guy.
This little baby feels great in my hand, is easy and smooth to operate and has actually lasted a month or more now.
I had another Oxon can opener but I found it hard to grip tightly enough to use.
This became an issue as carpel tunnel syndrome made my hands into hooks.
This can opener is much easier to grip.
It has a sharp blade that opens everything smoothly.
Now I no longer have to ask my son for help opening my cans.
Hopefully this will be the last can opener that I'll ever need.
Has heavier weight and feel that comparable openers at the big box store.
For those cans without a pull tab, this product makes opening a snap.
VERY PLEASED, THIS STRAINER FITS MOST BOWLS OR POTS AND DOES EXACTLY AS AMERICA'S TEST KITCHEN SAID--THANKS GUYS---BUY IT  YOU'LL LOVE IT TOO.
I am happy with the quality of this strainer.
But its volume is a shade or two too small for easy, general use.
Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times.
Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer (or cheesecloth) on hand.
This OXO strainer is 6 inches across, so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing.
The mesh is a fine gauge, so the gravy will end up smooth.
This is a sturdy feeling little guy and I expect it to last for quite some time.
I bought this mainly to use for a pumpkin pie recipe.
The recipe said to strain a mixture of pumpkin and yams through the mesh strainer.
I will not lie, it was a pain.
But the mesh strainer was durable and easy to grip.
I laid it over a bowl, and it stayed steady while I strained the thick pumpkin mixture.
I think I pushed it's abilities to the max, but the important thing is, it held up.
Great purchase, I bought another one just to have on hand.
The 6&#34; diameter is a very nice size.
Would certainly buy another one and do recommend it.
How much can you say...it is a strainer.
Generally, I like this:  it looks nice, it feels nice, and it won't rust.
This one is only slightly smaller in diameter, but it holds about half as much.
When they measure it, they're counting the entire width of the fat metal rim as part of the strainer.
As a result, it's not useful for bulky jobs, like draining a pound of rigatoni.
I've got two different hanging racks, and neither type of hook works.
This strainer has seen heavy use and has held up well over the years.
Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times.
Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer (or cheesecloth) on hand.
This OXO strainer is 8 inches across, so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing.
The mesh is a fine gauge, so the gravy will end up smooth.
A lot of our kitchen accessories are made by OXO.
We like the grips more than anything else.
We only regret not having purchased the complete set of strainers instead of buying one by itself.
I own almost all of the OXO steel gadgets.
But this one has kind of scary feeling when lifted by it's handle with something heavy, like it is going to brake on it's weld.
In this particular style of OXO, I own just about every utensil.
I have to say that I have yet to be disappointed!!  The handles are very comfortable, they are sturdy and dishwasher safe.
I am using it to cut and lift pizza and it does a great job.
They are exactly the same just a different grip  as you hold them.
I do think that it is the kind of spatula that you can have for years with only a little common sense maintenance.
I was in love with this item at first site.
This spatula, unlike the spoons, is just the right length.
The handle on this spatula is the perfect width for holding.
I love the rubber grippers OXO adds to the side of the handle.
The angle from the handle to the blade is the right angle to be able to flip food comfortably.
I bought this to use with a cast iron skillet that melted my favorite plastic spatula.
This has a nice even edge so it can get under the food with a clean quick wipe.
When done cooking,  I toss it in the dishwasher and it comes clean with no scrubbing and no fussing.
I have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before and OXO was very easy to deal with.
They are a great company that takes good care of their customers.
What can I say? I'm a fan of this Oxo series and think it is well worth the money.
You'll have the spatula (excuse me, turner) forever.
i hate my plastic spatula and this was exactly what i needed.
product is perfect and i am glad i ordered it online.
The spatula is the right size and it does the job very well.
I have always found OXO's kitchen implements to be superior, and this stainless steel turner is no exception.
It is ruggedly made and very well designed.
It is also dishwasher safe, which is a huge plus.
Overall this is the best value for your dollar if you are in the market for a stainless steel turner!.
I recently purchased a new set of all clad stainless steel pots and pans, therefore I needed a metal spatula.
It works great and is easy to clean as well.
I have to admit after buying these OXO Good Grips Steel edition, I will never go back.
This is so true for the OXO Steel line.
What more can you ask of a spoon? :).
The rubber grip is smooth and comfortable to the touch and doesn't get too hot even when left in the pot/pan.
The spoon is sturdy and feels like it can take some abuse.
I'm trying to replace all the plastic in my house with glass or stainless steel to avoid the poison in plastics.
This spoon does a great job of holding a pile of food.
Stabs and holds food safely away from your hands while you carve away.
Purchased along with 8 inch Oxo slicing knife as a carving set.
Works well, comfortable to hold and serve with.
I almost bought a Good Grips meat fork with a rubber handle until I saw this one.
I love Good Grips kitchen tools, and have come to depend on the brand when I'm looking for a nice, solid, reasonably priced kitchen tool.
I'll definately be looking for more tools with this handle.
The fork itself is nice and sturdy, a good size, and handles well.
It was purchased for my daughter and she was pleased to receive it - sleek lines !  I would recommend it!.
Good quality from OXO that you've come to expect.
The slight curve on the tongs helps grip the food and avoid running into the blade.
With curved prongs and tips notched like fishing hooks, this 13-1/2-inch fork gets a solid grip on roasts, poultry, and big vegetables like baked potatoes.
It easily lifts a corned beef, for instance, from pot to carving surface and holds it down firmly for careful slicing.
Rather than being straight-sided, this tool's handle is tapered from heel to finger grip and has satin-finish, stainless-steel panels top and bottom.
The barbed tips prevent slipping of the meat or vegetables.
Use the OXO Steel Fork to retrieve and secure hot foods, or for hands-free serving.
It is very well-constructed not too heavy, but very versitile and handy in your hand.
Also, I use both forks for the bigger, bulkier meat cuts with confidence.
The fork is a bit more expensive, but the quality of this fork makes up the difference.
I use it to get items off of the BBQ grill surface without fail.
This is a very useful item.An epicurean Bon Appetite.
I like the whole SteeL series of utensils and this pork fits nicely with the bunch.
The fork does what it should; firmly holds the item being sliced.
It looks good, handles nicely and I'm very pleased with the solid feel.
I've only one warning for multitaskers - don't leave the fork standing in the roast you were slicing and walk away to do something else.
The fork and roast will be on the floor in a jiffy.
Though nicely balanced, the handle is long and weighty.
This is reasonably priced and a good choice for secure slicing.
I was surprised to find that these carving forks are impossible to find for sale on their own.
As everyone has mentioned, dishwasher safe is a big plus.
This product is for anyone who likes to cook.
it has a big handle (perfect of my hand).
The only thing is that the skewer fork is a little smaller than I expected.
Like the majority of Oxo products, this one is sleek, nice in the hand (good weight heft), and works as expected.
We own a lot of Oxo products and this one does not disappoint.
I like the OXO series of cutlery, and this is no exception.
For all your forking needs, this gets a big thumbs up!.
I purchased the fork, slotted spoon, ladle and 3 serving spoons and love all of them.
It feels great, it stabs great, it looks great.
I like OXO products a lot, but this one has missed the mark a bit.
The handle is very comfortable to hold; very large and chunky, with rubber grips.
The tines are nice and sharp, and a good length.
The weight is good, it feels sturdy.But the problem with it is where the handle joins the stem (if that is the correct word).
This is a 2-part fork, and the main problem is that the stem is quite thin.
I think when it does break (not if, it is definitely going to break) I will be looking for a sturdier replacement.
I would have given it 3 stars, but it hasn't broken yet so it still gets the benefit of the doubt.
I would highly recommend this large skewer fork for anyone who is in the market for one.
I love the barbed ends and the comfortable handle.
Well made and has provided taste soup, stew and chili from the kettle to bowl with charm and good looks.
The only negative is the handle somehow feels too big or chunky in my hand.
This is the first of several OXO SteeL utinsels I ordered, and I'm very eager to receive the rest of them too.
It's with great pleasure that my old mismatched tools will be sent to live at Good Will.
This ladle fits in with the rest of the tools I picked up.
I own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line.
They all perform their function well and with style.
And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins.
It has a good handle weight, but the spoon is very big.
I bought the ladle, sloted spoon and 3 serving spoons and they are all great.
OXO have great products and I haven't found anything they make that I haven't liked.
The bowl of it is shallow but wider than some many of the ladles out there.
Good quality construction and the handle is really nice.
I just wish it was an inch longer so my hands stay a bit further from the heat of a hot pot/stove.
For the most part, I am very happy with this ladle--construction and quality are very good.
I was surprised, however, by how large the bowl of the ladle is.
Because it is so large, it is difficult to store in a drawer and it takes up a bit of space in the dish washer.
I don't have room on my counter top to have a utensil bin; therefore, it has to be stored in a drawer.
I have had other pieces for as long as I can remember and they still are in the same shape as I bought them.
Great grip and perfect addition to my kitchen collection! :).
This little utensil is made of heavy duty stainless steel.
I use this for a lot of purposes around the kitchen.
Aside from skimming foamy debris off of meat stocks, this tool comes in handy when extracting dumplings and pasta from boiling water.
It also use it when I make fried ravioli, mini egg rolls or any type of small food that is fried or poached.
It is stainless steel, nicely constructed, and has a hole in the handle so I can hang this from my tool rack.
It has an ample skimmer with plenty of drain holes that make it functionl and easy to use.
I have several Oxo SteeL implements and love them all.
They are very sturdy, wash well, and do their job.
They are the right size for the job and have comfortable handles.
I love this one and all of my Oxo SteeL implements.
Unlike a slotted spoon, the holes are just right for skimming soup, picking up foam.
But it also works as a slotted spoon, retrieving  all bits of importance.
This should last for many years to come.
I typically like OXO products, and I needed a steel spaghetti server, so I thought I'd give this one a try.
However, I was a little disappointed with this particular utensil when I first received it in the mail, as it's fairly light weight.
The jury is still out on this product though, as I want to see how it holds up over time.
I got the wholeOXO Good Grips 15-Piece Everyday Kitchen Tool Setand just added the steel spaghetti serve to finish on the set.
The quality of OXO is wonderful and I love the way they fill in your hand.
Does what it's designed for and goes well with my stainless & black kitchen appliances.
This is a good product and OXO has done well by me over the years.
This spaghetti strainer is solidly built and feels good in hand.
It will likely provide years of good service.
I love this utensil! It's perfect for the times when I'm lazy and not wanting to drain pasta.
This is a great handheld, impromptu strainer; it's a great server overall.
What can you say, it serves spaghetti!  It's stupid to require a certain number of words to explain why a spaghetti server is good.
Does it's job well just like the other SteeL utensils.
Seems sturdy and well built as far as I can tell.
I can't imagine any amount of spaghetti bending it.
I always had plastic ones of these before.
They would either accidentally get laid down on a hot surface and melt, or just bend and break from trying to scoop thick heavy stuff.
It's just a high quality kitchen utensil and I highly recommend it for someone who is fed up with the cheap ones.
I will never need to buy another one of these again.
I lived without one for a few months.
My life has improved with this spaghetti server.
Just a little too big for my taste.
No problems at all to report thus far, I am happily pleased with it.
I got a whole set of OXO kitchen utensils.
I was a bit disappointed to find these are stamped steel with rough edges.
Not rough so much that they would cut you, but rough as in not a nice smooth high quality feel.
But I will say the rough edges actually work a little better for this particualr use of grabbing noodles.
I use often and do love the metal to hold up better than what I had before.
The hole in middle helps to get more water away from the pasta.
I really like this brand and it doesn't disappoint.
the weight of the handle is great and the size of the spoon is as well.
A little too big for my tastes, but I really like it.
It is beautifully crafted out of stainless steel and is nice and solid without feeling too heavy or too light.
My daughter asked for a metal pasta server.
I had not heard of one but I went on the search and found that were in fact quite a few different kinds of them.
I decided on this one as I liked the look of it and I picked the right one.
She said the handle was one of the better featured on it as it offered insulation from the heat.
I am just glad I found the spoon that she wanted and she is very happy with it.
I might even be getting one for myself.
I don't think for the price you can beat any of the Oxo kitchen implements.
I bought this to replace a plastic, old spaghetti server I had.
Definitely an upgrade from what I had because it's durable material and easy to use and clean.
It is a well constructed product and I love that it is dishwasher safe.
Best way to serve lasagna!  Very sturdy a cuts nicely through 4 layers.
Obviously can be used for other foods, but this is just the right size and the only thing I use for that special dish!.
I lost my first one while moving after owning it for about 5 years.
I'm about 2 years into my OXO Steel Lasagna Turner #2.
I have thought about buying a bunch more in case they ever stop making it.
Highly recommend for any kitchen!  Also handy for scooping choppedherbs into the pot!.
Sure had not yet been used to &#34;turn lasagne&#34;.
OXO Steel 59891 Lasagna TurnerSuperb quality, good feel.
I would like more stiffness in the "blade" for flattening 'burgers.
It's a very good size for general use (a more useful size, I think, than most turners or spatulas).
beware you too might get attached to this simple thing.
I saw mine  at a store and then ordered on amazon:).
I use it for a whole host of things including when I need a small spatula.
It's not good for larger jobs or grilling, but for most other things it is perfect IMHO.
I had an old wood handle spatula like this which finally wore out.
I searched several brands and chose this due to price and customer reviews.
It feels good in my hand and is great for when I'm making a small pizza to take off the pan if the pizza sticks.
I also use this to cut and serve my desert bars that I make in my glass baking pans.
It is small enough to lift out bars and cake from a regular cake pan.
It flips eggs well too if you've got stainless steel pans.
Has all sorts of uses and good quality typical of OXO.
I have been looking to replace a 40-year-old spatula for quite some time.
I wanted a flexible, thin, yet sturdy surface.
This is just what I was looking for.
The blade is thin and flexible, yet holds up under weighty foods.
I am very happy to have found it!.
I've many OXO products and add this item to them.
This spatula has a comfortable feel in the hand, easily held, easily used.
All in all, I highly recommend this item.
I needed a tool for cutting into a tray of lasagna & found this one.
I bought two - one for my daughter, one for me.
This is one of my favorite kitchen tools.
It has a nice thin edge that is plenty sharp for cutting into a tray of lasagna, but not sharp enough to cut your fingers.
I highly recommend this tool to anyone who needs to cut into a tray of food.
I just love it.It works the way I wanted it to and picks up all that needs to be picked up.
I actually use this to serve sheet cake most of the time.
It works great and is rigid enough that you can slide it right under the cake.
It works well for scraping up heavier meal items in a flat bottom pan too.
No rust after a lot of use and dishwasher time.
I was using a knive and a cake turner (those triangle shaped ones) and upgrading to this was a great decision.
Now serving lasagna is easy from the very first piece.
I love the big handles, easy to grab and hold on to if your hands are wet or greasy.
I bought this for a cast iron skillet.
It ended up being the my favorite spatula.
I use it for everything...hamburgers to hash browns.
When done cooking,  I toss it in the dishwasher and it comes clean with no scrubbing and no fussing.
I have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before on a different OXO product and OXO was very easy to deal with.
They are a great company that takes good care of their customers.
Can't use on my teflon pans, but so worth having for brownies, etc.
Like other OXO products, the OXO STEEL LASAGNA TURNER is a high-quality kitchen tool.
It is made of heavy-gauge stainless steel, has a solid, comfortable-to-hold handle, and is built to last a lifetime.
Unlike theOXO SteeL Pie Server, it won't double as a portion-cutting tool.
However, it is an excellent wide spatula that is flexible but still stiff and sturdy enough to pick up and serve heavier foods like lasagna.
The flat "blade" of the server measures 2-1/4" wide by 4-1/4" long.
I use this with my cast iron cookware.
It is of good quality and the handle is a great size in my hands.
It has held up well scraping my griddle clean after use too.
I bought this spatula to use with my cast iron pieces and I love it.
By mom has one of these stocked in her kitchen and figured I could use one.
The hardest part about this product is finding the name &#34;lasagna turner&#34; vs.
The best part about this device is the angle between where you hold it and the surface touching the pan.
The metal is good quality, easy to wash, no complaints here!.
I am a very very VERY picky person when it comes to spatulas.
it works for literally everything because of its length and width and ease of the shorter handle to maneuver! GET IT!.
It has just the right amount of flexibility and is just about the perfect size.
First, it is made in China, so Oxo should pass some of their savings on to us customers.
Second, water can get into the handle, causing corrosion over time.
One of my previous spatulas broke just inside the handle last week, so I am having to replace it.
I like the weight of the handle and the turner is a great proportional size.It does the job!.
After 3 hours of preparation and cooking, you hate to see your masterpiece destroyed at the critical moment.
By the way, it works fine for lots of other tricky dishes, including the always hard-to-handle 6 layered chocolate doberge (N'awlins' std birthday) cake.
We use this with our cast iron pan.
It feels great to use this and works really well on cast iron.
Have had only five months but expect it will last many years.
Another well made Oxo item, billed as a lasagna turner but can be used for many chores.
I have no idea why this is called a lasagna turner.
I like it that this is really strong.
(Actually one of these did break off after a couple of years' use, but now I see that they have a lifetime guarantee.).
Like other Oxo stainless steel spatulas, this one is excellent.
It has just a little rubber/silicone to make the grip comfortable.
Perfect for serving things out of trays (like prepared foods from Costco) or from pyrex or metal pans.
Maybe a little large for serving brownies unless you like really big brownies.
I like the shape, the way it handles, the size, and even the cost.
I use it for lasagna and cake and anything I can use it to scoop out things.
I don't use it for cooking but that's not what I bought it for.
I bought it for serving, so thumbs up for that and its pretty too.
I use this with my cast iron cookware and it does a great job keeping the cooking surface smooth and clean as I'm cooking.
I bought this and have been using it on an almost daily basis for about 2.5 months.
The white and black looks chic, the rubber base helps hold the bowl down so things are not splattering all over the place.
The size is enough for a family size batch of pancakes, or for washing a few cups of rice.
The plastic is very durable and it does not stain.
I have used spices and oils in it, but no stain...the tip of it is perfect for pouring.
its a really great and durable product, well worth the price :).
I put together a waffle making set for my grandson, who loves waffles and wanted to be able to make them.
He loved the gift and his family loves being the recipient of homemade waffles!.
This has it all, the rubberized bottom the spout and easy to clean --- wonderful.
This was not imagined by me ahead of time to be that big.
This bowl is terrific for gripping the counter top.
I bought one for its spout and handle and discovered it was ideal for my single-handed niece.
She can prop it securely on the counter with one arm and mix stiff cookie dough.
The high sides reduce slopping and the pouring spout depth helps determine where the mix will go even if the angle is steep.Terrific design!.
I bought two of these bowls to replace two other bowls that were left behind during a military move.
Washes easily with soap and butter and can be used to remove termites from hairy dogs also.
Can also be used in hundreds of other ways too numerous to mention.
Washes easily with soap and butter and can be used to remove termites from hairy dogs also.
Can also be used in hundreds of other ways too numerous to mention.
Love it, love it, love it! I didn't buy it until I read every single review and decided I had to try it.
My husband refuses to mix in any bowl but that one so I constantly have to wash it out to get a turn! Awesome.
i have steel bowls, ceramic bowls, glass bowls, copper bowls, melamine bowls, pinch bowls, finger bowls.
these OXO bowls are workhorses easy to hold and clean.
I have the whole set, 5qt., 3qt., and 1 1/2 qt.
Not the color of my choice, but I'm willing to overlook that for all of the great features.
I can continue using my favorite metal fork for mixing all of my kitchen creations and the non-skid base is a really great feature.
I can mix my muffins up and then pour directly into the muffin pan from the pour spout on the bowl.
They've been through the dishwasher a few times already and always come out clean with no stains.
I like the spout for ease of pouring and the rubber grip as well.
My old glass bowl was heavy to pull out for everyday use & the smaller one didn't have a lip to pour from.
This is the one that I bought, to go with the three piece bowlset...well...its the same size as the large one in the 3 pc.
This is a GREAT bowl to have in my kitchen.
It holds a substantial amount for mixing, won't shuffle all over the counter, and has a great grip to hold onto.
I find more uses for it all the time!.
I don't have any complaints about this product yet, but I've only been using it for the past couple months.
I love the rubber bottom to keep it from sliding.
It is great that this is made out of plastic to keep it light-weight and relatively shatter-resistant (vs.
The greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing.
It's easy to get every last drop out of the bowl and into the bake pan.
Common result: Mixing bowl slips and slides (maybe even off the table or counter).Solution: OXO mixing bowls.
The bottom of the bowl is coated with OXO's grippy-stuff.
It holds ITSELF in place (for most tasks).
This bowl is very nice to work with I need to probably think about getting the smaller one also.
It's light weight and makes it easier to pick up with one hand when you need to use the other to scoop with.
If you're familiar with Oxo products, you know how good the quality is and this bowl is no different.
I love that it stays put, even when using an electric mixer.
The lip is helpful for pouring out batter too.
This is a very comfortable bowl to use.
Made of sturdy plastic, it is much lighter than glass mixing bowls, which makes it convenient and easy to use.
The rubber on the bottom keeps the bowl right where you put it - no sliding.
I use this bowl the most of all my mixing bowls and am looking forward to getting a bigger one just like it.
Oh, by the way - it's dishwasher safe, too.
I've washed mine over and over and it still looks new.
If you are going to get just one mixing bowl for your kitchen, just get the OXO.
The bowl is easy to wash, and is a real winner.
The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier.
On my countertop, and water makes the bowl slip.
But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping, making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls, this one also has a non-stick handle.
This mixing bowl is all it's advertised to be.
It sticks to counter so it doesn't slide around when you use your hand held mixer in it.
I highly recommend it to anyone needing a mixing bowl that stays put.
I have previously bought a steel mixing bowl from Oxo in the past but did not like using a metal whisk on steel.
This one also has a lip to poor the mixture which I didn't even realize when I purchased it.
I think very good for using a hand mixer.
They have the rubber side that you grip, and the substantial rubber-like base that really holds the bowl firmly against the table.
IT does not appear to me that the rubber base will separate from the bowl (a good thing).
Bowl itself is solid, substantial plastic that appears to be durable quality material.
And the grip is nice, a nice way to hold the bowl while mixing.
I expect that you will want all three sizes after purchasing one size.
It is stable when mixing and easy to clean.
I received one years ago for a wedding present and we loved it so much we bought a second one.
I think we may purchase at least 2 more, since my hubby cooks so much and we are always washing the two we have.
I was fixing to do some mixing in my kitchen one day.
I grabbed this bowl, tossed in some ingredients and went to town.
I'll make an album of my mixing songs.
This bowl has been with me through pastries, salads, guacamole, and mashed potatoes, and everything between.
There's nothing really special about it other than the non-slip lining on the bottom of the bowl that does come in handy on slick surfaces.
Lip is convenient, too.My only real qualm is that it doesn't repel oils very well.
Sometimes I'll toss something in olive oil or use a butter-heavy receipt in baking and the oil just sticks to the walls of the bowl.
With most of my other bowls, some metallic some plastic, I simply rinse and it's ready for a new food.
This bowl is great! I bought two bowls in this series, and I use them for everything.
A ton of baking goes on in our household and this bowl is a HUGE hit.
I swear there is a coating that makes even dried on messes come right off.
No scrubbing.-Very good looking and fit well with our kitchen decor.The only annoying thing about these bowls is that they are not dishwasher safe.
Oxo Good Grips 5-quart Mixing BowlThis one of my most versitile bowls as I use it a lot in the course of cooking.
It is the right size for larger pieces of meat of a larger quantity.
You can cover the meat with the marinating liquid and store in the refrigerator over night and you are ready to go the next day.
The 5-quart bowl is ideal for doubling recipes or mixing larger quantities.
The Mixing Bowl features a non-slip wrap-around base that prevents skidding, even when the bowl is tilted.
A comfortable, non-slip handle gives you a firm grasp for easy whisking and stirring.
The wide lip and spout makes pouring neat and clean.
I use a plastic wrap or foil to cover the dish and it stores the leftovers well.
I found that in a pinch they survive light use in the microwave, and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo's stainless bowls.
The bowls are also very easy to clean.
This bowl is the right size for any yeast dough as it gives it plenty of breathing room for it to raise.
I'm very pleased with this bowl.An epicurean Bon Appetite.
I purchased 3 of these bowls, two as a gift to a MD patient that has control and weight issues.
Its as if this system was designed for those with disabilities and the rest of us get to enjoy the benefits too.
If only it came with a lid!  Like the prep bowls do.OXO Good Grips 4-Piece Prep Bowl Set with Lids.
Nice size and easy to hold on to.
This has worked out perfectly for making waffles.
I have to make a double recipe, so the size comes in handy.
It cleans up in the dishwasher just fine also.
Alternatively, I use this bowl for making jello, and then is when I really appreciate the pour spout.
The rubber bottom keeps it from traveling all over the place and the pouring spout keeps the batter where you aim it.
This bowl is well made, easy to clean, and stays put while you mix with one hand.
It has multiple uses, and a must have in any kitchen.
I ordered another set to keep on hand.
I have the big one at home and I am buying another one to use up here in the "country".
Just take decent care of it and you'll have it forever.
These are the best mixing bowls I have ever had.
I have made tomato base products in mine and they have never stained.
They wash up like a dream.Forget stainless and glass bowls, these are the absolute best in mixing bowls.
Using the handle it is easy to lift with one hand.
The shape lets you easily hold it to mix.
Easy to get all the contents out -- much easier to scrape down the sides that with a traditional bowl.
Ilive the grip, pouring spout, size and how it is made.
I was concerned that this bowl would move on the surface when I mixed my stiff cookie batter.
a metal whisk scratches the plastic (I use a metal whisk for every baking task except measuring, separating eggs and kneading).2.
relatively shallow, so more to clean up afterward.
also, if I put my arm around the bowl, the ingredients spill.good points:it's big.
rubberized bits are helpful.conclusion:I'll use it for tossing/sifting ingredients, or holding larger quantities.
I'm impressed and had a heck of a time keeping my kids from stealing it from me on their last visit....They can order their own.
I have a Tupperware bowl that is ancient and worn that is the oerfect bowl for mixing anything and everything.
I always keep an eye out for a replacement.
One day at work a close friend was complaining her favorite bowl was about to bite the dust.
I bought two of these one for her and one for me.
NOT sorry!  Almost same size and shape but actually improved with non skid bottom and side grip.
This bowl has a nice weight to it, doesn't slide around on the counter, and has a soft comfortable grip.
I have this bowl and the smaller one.
The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put.
I was them in the dishwasher without any problems.
Like the companion 5qt (and 3qt if we could find one in stock LOL), this is an excellent bowl to have.
The non-skid base and handle really make this product special.
Thus far, these have held up very well to the wear of the beaters.
The bowl does just what they claim - it stays put while I am using it.
OXO's five-quart mixing bowl is an excellent product and an excellent value.
I have a lot of OXO products and have been very pleased with the utility, durability, and affordability of them all.
The bowl is not microwave safe, and being plastic, may not be ideal for some uses at high temperatures.
The bowl is a bargain, is lightweight, and has lots of handy features.
I like it so much I'm going to get the three-quart bowl too, as the five-quart bowl is larger than I need for many applications.
As with any OXO product, it is difficult to grasp the outstanding effort put into anything OXO produces.
Ask almost anyone who uses a kitchen on a regular basis, the most ubiquitous name in their culinary area is OXO.
The care OXO takes in design is obvious and the materials involved are superior in every way.
The engineering designs seem to be given heart by those involved at the plant and they share in OXO's demand for excellence and customer satisfaction.
This amounts to more than simple pride in their job.
It is a community spirit that fills the entire OXO mission with a zeal unmatched in the industry.
OXO strives to be the very best, of course, but there is an awareness of how lives are touched through their products as well.
And  that is what you purchase with anything in the OXO Good Grips line of products.
The OXO Good Grips 5-Quart Mixing Bowl is certainly no exception and you can rest assured of your complete satisfaction - it's OXO!.
This mixing bowl is a good size for most any task.
Its easy to use and clean up is easy.
This mixing bowl has a good grip on the side perfect for whipping ingredients and is extremely sturdy.
It also cleans very well and is durable.
I've owned and used several sizes of these bowls for the past two years.
The ergonomic design with the rubber grip makes these especially easy to use.
I'm probably not supposed to stick them in the microwave, but I do, and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo's stainless bowls.
The bowls are also very easy to clean.
Nice large mixing bowl and it really grips the counter.
I prefer stainless steel but haven't found one with the gripper bottom yet.
These bowls are an extraordinary value - I did a double-take when I saw the price.
And of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom.
Just pour the batter right onto the griddle.Because the bowls are deep, they don't take up tons of room in the fridge.
I think that every kitchen should definitely have both sizes of this wonderful bowl! You'll love them!.
The rubberized bottom and well designed handle and pouring spout, make mixing a breeze!.
OXO makes really nice equipment and I find myself wishing more of my kitchen of my gear was made by them.
The no-skid bottom is absolutely fantastic and keeps the bowl put for heavy stirring or using a hand mixer.
The plastic itself is very sturdy and I haven't had any issues in the dishwasher with it.
Get it, it's worth the price for sure.
This is a deep bowl that is lightweight, yet sturdy.
And, the black rubber base prevents it from slipping while one is mixing.
The handle is a nice touch, too, when emptying the bowl.
The wide lip gives good grip for pouring, and it cleans easily.
The variety of sizes covers all my needs.My only gripe is that they didn't make a cover for it.
If there was an airtight cover, shaped to fit, I'd buy it and throw out all my other mixing bowls.
My only real quibble is that I'd have preferred another color.
Not just because I like blue or red or yellow, but because white stains so easily.
[Edited to add:  After quite a few months worth of use I can now say that this bowl even resists staining by tomato sauce.
Yup, that most potent of staining agents seems to hold no power over this white plastic.
Color me seriously impressed, and for that, I award the fifth star!]However, I can't fault the bowl for usefulness.
In fact, I originally bought it for a friend, decided that I liked it too much to give away, and bought something else for her.
It's good and deep so you can mix a lot in it before it starts to spill over.
In fact I forget sometimes and try to push it away only to have it stick stubbornly to wherever I've set it.
The handle - what a great idea for a mixing bowl! - also has a non-slip grip for use with wet, oily or floury hands.
And the pour spout is an inspired addition.
If you have room for only one mixing bowl in your kitchen, this one will do you.
I bought the 4 quart first and loved it but it was too large for some things so ordered this one and just adore it.
It's the perfect size to mix my little salads in, pancake batter, meat loaf..you name it and it fits..the small things.
Love the non-slip bottom, the handle, the pouring spout, the high sides..everything about it and nothing but praise here.
I purchased both this 2 quart bowl and the 4 quart bowl.
They are an improvement over the standard glass or metal bowls that I use to have.
Not a big issue, I have enough storage space, but it would be nice to have a stacking feature.
Also, another color other than white would be nice.
Even with these two small issues, I will purchase more of these bowls for myself and as house warming presents.
The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier.
On my countertop, and water makes the bowl slip.
But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping, making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls, this one also has a non-stick handle.
Easy to use, stores nicely, cleans easily, pours reliably.
what more could you ask?  Best I've ever owned.
I bought both the two and the four quart bowls.
The OXO design department should sweep the international awards for design excellence anyway, but these bowls are over the top.
They are by far the most useful bowls I have ever encountered.
The clever handle, and rubberized non slip bottoms add enormous utility to the age old bowl.
I just hope OXO expands the line with even larger sizes.
I bought this for my wife a few months ago -.
It makes a great bowl for popcorn when you're watching a movie or other TV fare.Can't go wrong here!.
I have been married over 38 years and I have NEVER had a bowl like this one.
I use it and the 4 qt for EVERYTHING.
I just love them both.The rubber sides and bottom are a wonderful idea.
And the handle is the best idea ever.
If you have not tried one of these bowls, you must!.
I have this bowl and the larger one.
The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put.
I was them in the dishwasher without any problems.
I own both the 2-Quart and 4-Quart bowls.
And of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom.
Just pour the batter right onto the griddle.Because the bowls are deep, they don't take up tons of room in the fridge.
I think that every kitchen should definitely have both sizes of this wonderful bowl!  You'll love them!.
The rubberized bottom and comfortable handle on this bowl make it a pleasure to use.
It is light in weight and easy to clean.
My interst was piqued by this model, for it combines good looks with a lot of basic fnctionality, something the average Brit would appreciate.
This then, would be a good choice.That much said, this kettle has a lot of quality built into it.
It has a removable lid, which is wide enough to be able to empty and fill easily.
It has a 2-quart capacity, and is ergonomically designed to fit one's palm comfortably.
The handles are slip-proof--wet or dry--as well as dishwasher-safe.
All i all, this is a great tea kettle, and one I am sure will meet your needs for years to come.
This is one of the best little tea kettles you'll ever find:  it looks great, sounds great, and functions quickly and effectively.
Either way, the handle gets extremely hot and I couldn't use without an oven glove.
I should have asked the owners why they were selling, it didn't occur to me.New Review:I contacted OXO and told them of my issue.
I have the red enameled version, and have had it for about a month.
It gets used 2-4 times a day, every day.
The whistle works well - loud enough to be heard, but not obnoxious.
The lid fits well, and I haven't had any problems with steam sneaking out, nor have I had a problem with the spout dripping.
I compared this with several other products before buying, including kettles by Calphalon and All Clad, and have found this to be the best.
I like the handle, both because I don't need a potholder to lift it, and because it's a one-handed operation.
When you lift the handle, the cap on the spout flips open.
It's easy to fill, and heats up relatively fast.
The first one had a plastic lid, which broke within a few months.
I called Oxo, and they sent a replacement kettle, and had wonderful customer service.
The 2nd we liked very much, but it was involved in a VERY minor stove fire.
This caused the enamel to flake off and seriously discolored the kettle.
We replaced it with another Oxo model, only because hubby was not crazy about the mechanics of it.
When full, the spout would tend to open from the weight of the water while transferring from sink to stove.
Some of the newer Oxo models have corrected that problem.
Lifting this teakettle by the handle opens the pour spout.
No button to press or gadget to fiddle with to open the spout.
Actually the angle you hold the pot at determines whethere the spout will open or not.
It will always be open when in the &quot;pour&quot; position.
In the more &quot;level&quot; carrying position just a tilt of the angle will change it from closed to open.
It may sound kind of strange or uncontrollable, but it is very easy to manage.It's made of sturdy stainless steel.
It looks nice, though very sleek and modern compared to all those &quot;cute&quot; teakettles out there.
I personally think the sound is more &quot;musical&quot; than the older whistling types.
You cant put this kettle on high heat due to the rubber handle.
Until now, I have been able to use NO other teakettle.
All the other teakettles I have seen (and tried) require more dexterity than I have.
(I am a C5/6 incomplete quadriplegic, if you need to know).
OXO products provide long lasting quality and fine styling.
Individuals can be confident when purchasing OXO products concerning the fine grade and value.
I've used the OXO Good Grips teakettle for about 10 years.
Although they sometimes have problems (the lid on one separated into parts), it generally is an easy-to-use, good quality kettle.
It will discolor if you heat it up without water or let the water boil out of it, so caution is necessary.
The whistle is loud and you'll always hear it (sounds like a train whistle).
This inexpensive set is generally useful around the stove.
Holds up to heat and is easy to clean.
For the price, you really can't beat 'em.
This is a pretty nice spatula, but not the best that I've owned.
The edges are a little thick and beveled, so you don't get a reeeaally clean scrape on a curved bowl.
But, it does the job for the most part!.
Great for my baking and kitchen needs, mixing and scraping.
We love this spatula, does exactly what it should and cleans up beautifully.
Seems to be very well made, as well.
I like these colorful tools for cooking with higher temps than most plastic utensils can take.
The colors are cool and fun and they work great.
I have heavy spatulas that are restaurant quality and I like these better.
The sizes are convenient to work with, not huge and awkward.
My spouse is in culinary school, so we go through a lot of different kitchen implements.
When it comes to spatulas, this is our mutual favorite.
Although we've since bought extras, our first one -  purchased back in 2006 - is still going strong.
It's not stained or warped or otherwise damaged.
These are great for a wide variety of cooking and baking needs.
They are easy to clean with the detachable heads and they can stand up to the head of my cast iron pots as well.
I love these, they are a great investment!.
All the Oxo stuff I've bought has worked fine.
I have a bunch of their spatulas and they get lots of use.
Bought them for son's girlfriend and she loved them.
This spoon spatula is the first utensil I reach for when I'm cooking--no matter what I'm cooking.
I actually think the white has become a little stained, the red hasn't.
I have had no problem with the handle bending or breaking, and I like the fact that it doesn't move around in my hand.
I can get around the entire bowl in one stroke.
It really stays with the form of the bowl or pan.
Not sure what what kind of food other reviewers are trying to flip or stir, but I have flipped 12oz steaks with these no problem.
This set of spatulas is an excellent replacement for my 20-year-old Rubbermaid wood handled model that had gotten rock hard over the years.
These are just soft enough to get everything out of a mixing bowl or jar, but firm enough to fold batter or stir thick sauces.
I hope that over time they don't get loose.
GOOD TO HAVE DIFFERENT SIZES IN YOU KITCHEN.
LIKE THE LONG HANDLE AND DIFFERENT SIZES&#8230;WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO OTHERS.GREAT SPATULAS.
I bought one of these and a regular red Oxo spatula, and I've found that I really don't need any others.
I've left these in a hot pot of alfredo sauce for half an hour (OOps!) and it came out completely unscathed.
Buy one regular red and one spoon shaped red Oxo spatula, and you won't need to buy any others!.
This is much smaller than I expected, but it comes in handy.
It's a welcome addition to my spatula arsenal, but you would not want this as your only spatula.
The handle is comfortable (as are all Oxo's) and it goes into the dishwasher.
Nice quality and wash up good in dishwasher.
From its appearance the product looked very sturdy, and the various colors will no doubt add color to her kitchen.
It arrived earlier than expected which was just in time for the shower.
I had a OXO Silicone spatula that I use day in and day out.
The red one that is symmetrical is perfect for cooking on the stove top.
The white one was to replace my old spatula.
I use it mostly while I bake, scraping off my mixing bowl and such.
It is not as soft and pliable as my previous one, even though they look completely identical, so I don't like it as much.
But I love the other two, and this set has a good variety.
Blades are flexible but with enough resistance they don't just bend over in the bottom of a jar or can.
I used it's BIG brother for years and thought I was buying the big one again.
It works as good as it's big brother but on a much smaller scale...LOL.
It is, like big brother, truly heat resistant.
I use it to turn thngs I'm frying all the time with no problems.
I highly recommend both the tiny one here and it's BIG brother.
The flexible rubber fins on the steel handle create a very comfortable feel and will NOT transport heat up the handle.
It can be used to stir the stiffist pancake mix and yet still clean the side of the bowl smooth.
I like any tool that keeps me from having to make another tool dirty.
Then I use this spatula (or the similar one with the straight blade) to scrape everything out of the food processor bowl.
Then I use the same spatula to stir the ingredients in the skillet or pan.
I have accidentally left this spatula in a kettle of stew for over 5 minutes.
Other plastic spatulas would have melted (I know from experience).
Will last forever, no more cheap spatula's for me.
I wish I had found them sooner.I would use these as a gift, they are that nice!.
I bought this set because they are heat resistant and I have some new EVAco/Cast pans I will be using them with.
Have gone through the dishwasher multiple times and are used for anything from cake batter to tomato sauce to stir fry--still looking like new.
I bought this to get over the limit for free shipping.
It works great for stuff like getting all the mustard out of the jar, or cleaning out a small plastic container.
It also works better than a regular dinner knife for spreading anything from mayo.
I use this tool all the time for small jobs.
We have multiple sizes from OXO including this one and they all clean well and I especially like that the ends come off to clean.
I feel confident I am working with a sanitary tool.
Highly heat resistant, flexible enough without being too flexible, overall a great spatula, and my go-to utensil for a lot of jobs.
I have several of the OXO spatulas and love how all of them perform.
They have become my favorite type and hold up well over time.
The handles make them very comfortable to use too.
NOt the cheapo stuff you get at the discount stores.
These worked really well and were great quality! Get them for your kitchen!.
I like to use it for scrambled eggs.
It is sturdy and handles high heat very well.
I have left it in the pan for a minute or so before and the material doesn't melt.
I am very happy with this spatula set.
And for an OXO item - I feel they are very reasonably priced (at $12).
I do wish the green spatula were a little bit smaller for getting into nooks and crannies, but I can find one elsewhere.
These silicone spatulas are excellent quality and do a great job.
Yes, I highly recommend this purchase to anyone.
I have four of these, because I can't tolerate any other brand.
The handle stays cool, the construction is solid, and the colors are spunky.
They fit the hand well and are good quality for the price.
C'mon....It's a spatula and I like to cook;  I can't say much more than that!.
I have ordered several in this series, but this is the first that I have used.
Even for non coated pots/pans, this utensil can get down to the fire and come out like new.
It follows the contour of your pan without trying to scrape through to the burner, and makes it to the dishwasher unscathed.
Love the three size set in different colors.
So far, the silicone has not detached itself from the handle which has been typical of other brands purchased.
To my pleasant surprise, the white spatula has not discolored after many uses (including with tomato sauce).
Oxo Good Grips 3-piece Silicone Spatula SetOh how I love this set of spatulas.
I use them for all kinds of cooking situations, from meatloaf, cake batter, pancakes and waffles, to different dough recipes.
They work well and they fit into your hand like they were made for it, without slipping, even when your hands are wet.
The spoon spatula makes a great tool for stirring and scraping, even tasting.
The heads do NOT melt when exposed to the hot food.
Most of the newer pots and pans come with a non-stick coating and these spatulas work extremely well as they do NOT scratch the coatings.
Well made spatulas and very easy to handle for these old hands.
Handles are nice and firm, compared to others that I've have bought.
Everything that I have ever gotten from oxo is great quality and design.
One great feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning.
My husband is the cook in our house and he tells me what he needs in the kitchen.
I like the old fashion wooden spoons when I make him cookies, etc.
but these are exactly what he needs for everyday cooking.
So glad they are heat resistant up to 500 degrees, don't have to worry about throwing them in the dishwasher.
I could get used to these real fast!  Good Value! thanks.
This spatula is the first I ever owned made of silicone.
It is marvelous for stirring hot food that tends to stick to the bottom of a pan.
You don't have to worry about it melting.
The tomato-red color is lovely, too, and the black handle very attractive.This makes a great Christmas, housewarming, or wedding shower gift!.
However, I wouldn't trade comfort for smaller handles.
Guess I'll just need to get a bigger jar or find a new place to put these :)Depends on your preference:-They are quite stiff.
I've bought several spatulas over the past 18 months trying to replace all of my old rubber ones which deteriorate with use.
I couldn't find any small ones locally though, which I really need for scraping the sides and bottoms of various jars and small bowls.
Since I have other Oxo products and love them, I thought I would try these.
All I can say is that I love them!  I bought two, one blueberry and this tomato one, and will be buying others soon.
They wash beautifully in the dishwasher and haven't picked up odors as rubber ones sometimes did.
I find that the graduated size is quite useful.
I loved getting the three different sizes all in one set.
They have been a great addition to my kitchen.
Wish this company would make one about half the length with a smaller head as that is a very useful size for so many things.
Cleans just fine and the color choices are good, got the Vanilla and the Red one.
These are much better spatulas than what I'm used to and work very well on the stovetop with non-stick cookware.
They seem to fare better when hand washed though as the dishwashing soap seems to leave a film.
I still prefer a flat edged wooden spoon for some stovetop applications like scraping cooked bits from the bottom of a pan.
This spatula set gives you three useful tools at a reasonable price.
Easy to clean, and the colored heads make them easy to find.
These are nice spatulas&#8230; easy to clean and well made.
I like the different sizes and the colors are pretty in my utensil crock on the counter.
This smaller spatula works well for smaller batches.
Also great as a jar scraper for smaller jars like peanut butter, jelly, etc.
Love the oxo spoon spatulas and have several of the.
They work great, don't break and clean easily in the dishwasher.
This is perfect for getting everything out of a can (like cream of mushroom/chicken soups).
The small one can be used to get the residual mayonnaise (or peanut butter, or jam, or whatever) out of almost-empty jars.
They are flexible without being floppy, durable without being too stiff.
I highly recommend them as an essential utensil for any kitchen.
My daughter and I each bought one of these spatula's last year, so I am buying her another one for this Christmas!  Great buy.
Life is too short for shabby spatulas! LOL ;).
Another great OXO product, the are very well made and super functional.
The can take a high heat no problem and are easy to clean.
I have had one of these for years and just ordered another one.
I like that the silicone bends a bit but not too much.
The the spatular is curved so it scraps bowls well.
Why other ones don't have this simple design is strange.
You know how most spatulas are, even the expensive ones.
They eventually chip, peel, discolor or are too stiff or too soft.
I didn't think I'd find anything better than my Rubbermaid but I did.
These are my favorite Spatula set that I bought from amazon.
They are nice and sturdy at the tips, the red one is the one I use the most.
I needed a new spatula to use in the kitchen.
I found that this size is very good and it works well.
Durable product with good design and ergonomic features.
Firm ergonomic handle allowing for good dexterity and leverage.
I like the matte finish of the OXO plastic, it doesn't look cheap and withstands scratches and chips.
From my experience other companies that use a gloss finish, their products seem to attract scratches leaving them to look expired before they really are.
I like my things, even my kitchen utensils, to look nice.
I would think that they industry would have solved that issue by now.
Got these for my husband for Christmas--the old Rubbermaids were wearing out.
This are really nice and I like the sizes and shapes.
I have a couple of the regular sized spatulas and three of the small ones.
I use the smaller ones so often I have worn a couple out.
They may eventually crack but this depends a great deal on how you use them.
Scraping food off the blades of a food processor will chip and chew the silicone up.
I lost one in the garbage disposal as a result.
I like to keep at least three around so I always have them.
They are very useful tools and they feel very good in your hand.
This is one of the most often used tools in the kitchen.
I really liked this spatula, the Tomato color made it easy to find in my kitchen utensil drawer.
I said "was", as after a year of frequent use the spatula head came off.
I couldn't use it after that, the spatula tip just wouldn't stay on, so it went to Kitchen Utensil heaven.
*cries*Perhaps it's because I washed it in the dishwasher?  It's possible, but I really want a spatula that can be put in the dishwasher.
These wash very well in the dishwasher and look brand new after cleanings - no stains left on the silicon.
The wider end of the handle makes for better griping, too.OXO is the best around.
I have all their products; some, I don't even know what they're used for, really - but I'm addicted because the products last for decades.
The iSi spatula heads are a lot longer than the head on these OXO small spatulas.
These are working out better for removing the food.
I am finding the small head useful for a lot of other kitchen tasks.
The raspberry and black color is quite beautiful.
Purchased 2 different Oxo silicone spatulas to fill-out my already burgeoning collection.
They are sized well and I like the colours.
OXO tools are pretty all I buy now.
These are the best spatulas ever! The tops don't fall off! The little green one is great,especially in a peanut butter jar.
I like the pink one for baking and mixing the ingredients.
i use them for everything in the kitchen.
The only negative was that it was smaller than I thought it would be.
It's bigger than the narrow jar ones but not as big as a standard sized spatula.
The handle is a little short but comfortable to hold.
I wasn't sure exactly what I was getting when I ordered it but I kept it because it works.
These spatulas have a nice feel to them.
You can scrape the side of your stainless steel bowls without worrying about scratches.
I didn't think I'd even need it but it comes in handy for reaching in those little jars!.
Purchased these as part of my wife's Christmas.
She loves them...they work very well for the things she uses them for.
OXO is a reputable brand, Amazon's price beat any retail price and I am not worried about continued disintegration of cheaper &#34;rubber&#34; products.
i learned a lesson!  but i'll stick with these--highly recommended.
Have had many spatula jsut brake or crack on me.
Have only broken one handle on this oxo model.
at first I thought this was a bit pricey, but, it's so sturdy & comfortable in your hand.
I really like these I bake a lot and my other spatulas gave out and these are wonderful id recommend them to anyone who bakes.
great spatulas so far; they haven't melted & go through the dishwasher fine.
I love all the widths & are good quality.
We love these OXO spatulas, especially this size.
It is very handy for clearing the last goodness out of peanut butter jars, for instance.
The only thing that caused us to buy a new one was that the old one got caught in a blender &#8230;Highly recommended!.
I've been using these for nearly 2 months now.
My sister even caught one on fire by leaving it too close to the flame on the gas stove.
After years of being the only one who will hand wash them, I finally sought out dishwasher safe silicone spatulas.
These work great, I really have no big complaints.
I just have my old williams sonoma spatulas to compare them too, and those were more flexible and overall a better silicone for cooking.
These are flexible (the white and green ones, not the scoop pink/red one), just not as much as I'd like.
The pink/red one is always spotty when it comes out of the dishwasher, but again, it doesn't hurt anything.
I was just hoping to be wowed by these due to the brand and reviews, and to me they're just fine.
These silicone spatulas are great not only for baking, but I use them for cooking as well.
The are firm, sturdy, and scrapes the sides of the baking bowls really good and clean.
They are easy to clean and diswasher safe.
I like that oxo is finally making some of their products in different colors.
This spatula is a nice size for mixing, and scraping smaller amounts.
The handle is comfortable,and the scraper head is a smooth silicone so it is very easy to clean.
I wish I had made this purchase long ago.
All the other spatulas in the house are now in the trash.
I like the way to handle feels in my hand, as the handle is rounded and substantial.
I use these for most of my jobs in the kitchen.
It stands up to heat, it is sturdy, it scrapes a bowl clean, is very easy to wash.
I purchase these for gifts for family members, I like them that much.
My daughter stole the red one and is holding it ransom for a whole set of her own.
This size spatula is great for getting the last bit out of jars or out of a yogurt cup or something like that.
This particular spatula has a solid handle and the white part is not too stiff or too soft to do its job.
I've only had it a few days, but so far, so good.
It made it through the dishwasher on the sanitary cycle okay, too.
good handles,sturdy.oxo good grips is the way to go on all things kitchen.
Great simple spatulas made to OXO quality standards.
Silicone ends can be removed from the handles for washing.
These match all my other OXO gear nicely!.
These spatulas are well designed, comfortable to hold and are great tools to have in the kitchen.
Reasonably priced, arrived on time and in one piece.
I was concerned that these or any others would be flimsy and cheaply built.
Very Nice, Very Well Built and Very Sturdy.
Sharp flexible edges for easy scraping and smooth body for less waste and easy cleaning.
The large handles are great and fit my hand for easy use.
I highly recommend them and are a good value for good quality kitchen tools.
I like this spatula I do, but if you are working with dough it is useless.
The spatula end is detachable--which I recommend when washing because bits of food can get stuck in the seam and inside the spatula tip.
I use it all the time.However with doughy mixes it is useless and I go back to the old wooden one.
The spatula tip just comes off and gets stuck in dough.
If it was one solid mold with no chance of detaching I would give it five stars.
I expected something a little larger, but this serves it's purpose well.
I have purchased other OXO products and they are all of excellent quality.
Contours well with my stainless steel bowls, clearing contents from the side with little effort.
The sizes are perfect for all types of cooking.
After the spatula I purchased from WalMart broke (snapped while trying to stir cookie dough), I was in the market for a new spatula.
As always, I first turn to Amazon to see what's out there.
I saw these, they got great reviews, and bought them.
They are strong, easy to hold, and clean up easily.
They are easy to grip and hold on to.
You may not know it yet, but you really do need these.
A good variety, these silicone spatulas are fantastically useful.
easy on the hands with well-sized handles, and different sized heads, they fit a wide range of uses.
When I first purchased this set of spatulas I thought them heavy and somewhat imbalanced.
However, after much use I adjusted to their &#34;feel&#34; in my hand while using and am very pleased with their functionality.
The heads of the spatulae (plural for spatula?) are very &#34;grippy&#34; - and they don't come off the handles, which is important to me.
I have several Oxo spatulas - they don't warp, bend, peel, discolor or melt - even if used to stir things in a hot pan.
So far, none of them have broken, and I have had several of them for a few years.
Good shapes and sizes, comfortable in your hand.
Only one concern is how these will stand the test of time.
The handles are not as sturdy as they look, but so far, so good.
It hasn't hardened from being put in the dish washer.
I find it really rather comfortable to hold.
I sent these to my daughter - seems she hadn't a single spatula (shock!).
Anyway.....I checked reviews and for the price this was a well received set.
Great size options and are really great quality.
The color are also really fun and liven up the kitchen a little bit.
I bought this to replace the exact same spatula that I already had.
I accidentally got mine nasty one day and couldn't use it for food anymore.
Oxo is a company that seems to know how to make a good product.
I have yet to replace anything from them.
I seem to use a lot when I bake so will order another set.
I have put these in dishwaser by accident and seemed okay.
But don't think I would keep that up.
This set had the 3 types/sizes I was looking for.
I like how the handle can be pulled off for cleaning but doesn't come off when using it.
I have also used this in pots and pans (to scrape sauces out, not while cooking) and haven't had a problem with melting.
I love OXO, and have a number of their spatulas and spoonulas.
I'd never seen this small one in stores - maybe I wasn't looking very hard.
It occurred to me that I needed one at this size - to get into smaller jars.
It works great, and I realize how much I was missing something like it in my kitchen arsenal.
It's size makes it easier to maneuver on spreading tasks, where its bigger brother isn't as nimble.
I wish it were cheaper, but the quality and utility make up for it.
Can't ask for more when you have style & function coming together.
Very durable, too! I'd totally buy these again.
Doesn't break down when washing them a few times.
This is the perfect starter set for home cooks.
Silicon flexible and wont get caught in the beaters of your mixer.
I use the small one mostly but used the large item for transferring stew to serving dish.
Easy to clean and can take high heat so no burning.
didnt know how helpful it would be until i got it.
I really haven't found many OXO brand items that I don't like.
They wash up beautifully in the dishwasher, and the various sizes make one of them good to use for Every situation I've encountered.
I haven't used these yet but they a good quality.
I never put my spatula's in the dishwasher and always hand wash so I am sure they will hold up well.
The sizes are good and close to comparison in photo.
This came in a package of three items.
The pastry brush, pastry cutter, and the pastry dough cutter.They have comfy handles and are a great addition to your kitchen.
This scraper/slicer for pastry items is ideal with a very rigid blade and comfortable grip.
But I wonder how long the stainless steel blade will remain so since it is another Chinese attempt at making a quality item.
For some reason they just cannot seem to get it right.
Ok, well that is exaggerating a bit but I loving having this board scraper around.
The handle is made of a rubberized type material and is still easy to grip even if your hands are wet.
It is very well made and has held up well to some serious use over the past couple of months.
I don't even use it for pastry because I am extremely gluten intolerance.
I use it to scrape all of the vegetables off my cutting board after I chop them.
I'm no longer picking up the cutting board and scraping them off with my knives, which is a lot easier on my wrists.
I have owned one (the same one) for about 15 years and I use it several times daily.
I sharpen it on a diamond stone every couple of years, it holds its edge well.
I wash it mostly by hand but sometimes in the dishwasher.
The hard rubber handle shows no sign of age.
I rounded the corners slightly to prevent gouging when I use it to scrape my wood cutting boards.
I scrape with the blade near perpendicular to the surface, bad for any blade but it holds its edge so hey.
It's not sharp enough to do any serious chopping, and not very ergonomic for that purpose either.
I use it for scraping and pastry work, and it works fabulous for both of those purposes.
I downgraded it a star because the handle is thicker than it needs to be and takes up unnecessary space in the drawer.
A thinner handle would make it 5 stars for me.
I've never used one of these before, always just a knife, but it is wondrous, making pie crust making simpler and easier.
First and only item of its kind I ever owned/bought, can't compare to anything else.
It is realy useful portioning the dough, scraping the dough from the counter, a lot better than the knife I previously used.
This makes picking up that dough or pastry so much easier, with out ruining it.
I had wanted one of these for a long time.
It makes work easiere when picking up a lot of chopped onions as well as other things.
Nice to use when making fondant for cakes on granite counter tops.
Haven't used it as a chopper but it divides fondant nicely and scraped up the dried on fondant from my counter tops.
That is what I use it for and I LOVE it!.
I haven't had a chance to use it yet but have run it through the dishwasher and seems good quality and sturdy!.
I use this product every day to scoop up my diced vegetables.
I don't know how I managed without it.
I know I lost a lot of tiny pieces of food to the floor.
OXO is a name that I equate with good products and I wasn't disappointed with this scraper at all.
This pastry scraper is very comfortable to hold.
I haven't used it for chopping, but it seems to be sharp and I think it would chop herbs well.
I'm not sure it would be sharp enough to handle anything too crunchy.
I mainly use it for cutting dough into sections and then moving the dough to other work surfaces.
I bought this to scoop all the cut up pieces on my cutting board.
I really like this chopper-slash-scraper but I haven't gotten in the habit of using yet.
I have a King Arthur Flour scraper and I prefer the OXO over it.
It is not sharpened at the angle of a regular knife blade; it is somewhat blunt-about a 70 degree, inclusive angle.
This still makes it a snap to pinch off dough.
It is also usefull for cleaning my wooden cutting boards or any flat surface you might want to scrape or collect bits off of.
The scale is a "bit of fancy" that some might find useful.
The handle is somewhat soft, and very well ergonomically designed.
It fits the hand and palm comfortably, unlike the KAF's wood handle (not to mention its totally blunt edge).
+ Great for transferring veggies/etc from cutting board to pot/pan/stove.+ Great build quality-Wish it had a hole for a lanyard/hanging stringOverall, awesome.
There is a ruler etched into the edge for measurements.
A little pricey for the OXO brand but you won't need another one.
I've never used anything like this before, but I've been using it more and more.
If you like to bake...a lot...you should seriously consider checking out this pastry scraper.
The "blade" is nice and sharp (but it won't cut you) and the handle is super comfortable.
It also seems to be very sturdily made and has handy measurements along its edge if you need them.
You know, when the recipe says to divide the dough into 2, 4, or even 16 pieces.
When you've just kneaded a pie crust and your counter is covered in sticky, floury dough, this is the bomb.
I use this to cut and pick up dough when I'm making bread.
The edge does a good job of scraping dough and flour off my board.
More efficient, easier grip, less tiring to the hand.
Perhaps not the thing to do if using a coated (non-stick) pan.
I've even used it to cut pizza when I couldn't find my pizza cutter (the wheelie thing).
Just very handy in the kitchen, cut, scoop, scrape, separate, etc.
Like most OXO products, it is really comfortable to hold.
Good product, and I like the ruler that is marked on the edge.
Love this item.Works great for Pastry Arts class.
I'm just a working guy that likes to cook home style meals like Grandma used to make.This scraper is of  good quality, heavy stainless steel.
I can slice my home grwon vine ripened tomatos with it.
I can trim and cut meats, I've cut baby back ribs, chicken breast and sirlion, I chop veggies, dice potatoes, it cuts pretty much anything.
My knife hasn't been out of they drawer since I got this.Buy 2.
You'll find this to be so useful, that like me, you'll want 2.I'm ordering 3 more, one more for me and 2 for friends.
I have nothing but good things to say about the products that OXO Good Grips makes, and this little baker's blade/dough cutter is no exception.
I purchased it for one reason:  to scrape my cast iron cookware.
It is easy to hold, it is durable, and the edge is true.
No kitchen is complete without one of these hanging around.
This scraper, like all Oxo Good Grips products, has excellent handle "feel", and is more comfortable than any others I have used to date.
It is made in China, so I'm not sure how long the perfect stainless-steel blade will remain stainless.Not perfect - but close!.
It chops veggies, it scoops, it cuts dough, it scrapes, it measures.
The handle is comfortable and fits nicely in the hand.
I use this to get the chopped product to the bowl.
I had been using the knife to do this but it is so inefficient.
The edge of this product is sharp so it can chop but I don't use it for that.
Another feature is the ruler along the edge; that is helpful for any recipe where size becomes important....like pie crusts!.
Sometimes a pizza wheel just doesn't cut, no matter how good it is.
I don't normally make pastries, but this is fairly versatile.
Use it to help pick up cut out cookies, pie crust, scrape dough and flour off the countertop.
It's nice and heavy and the handle doesn't feel like its hollow so it shouldn't get water inside.
This scraper is nice!  It's heavy gauge, great quality,  and sturdy.
I use it mostly for scraping up onions, and veggies off my cutting board, and it does the job perfectly.
Use it to portion dough and smooth frosting.
This from someone who hasn't had much luck with Oxo in general.
This thing has no moving parts, so reviewing it doesn't take 20 words.
It has the little ruler thing on it, which is kind of nice when cutting dough or something.
I don't know how I ever managed without this handy devise.
When I chop vegetables, I use it as the scoop to transfer them to the pot.
It has a small ruler along the cutting edge to make pastry layout easier.
It stores standing up along the edge of my drawer.
This simple item is just what you would expect.
It has too much packaging over it but is mostly a slice of metal with a solid handle.
You can get the same thing at lower prices by looking around.
I used this to cut the rolls on my homemade cinnamon buns.
It cut nice and smooth on the first try without smashing my rolls.
They came out perfectly cut, and the end result was amazing.
I also used to cut them after I finished baking so my husband could bring them to work and share with his coworkers.
It is a very sharp blade and I have no complaints.
Just be careful when using because it is VERY sharp.
This  item was so well- packaged, that there was no way it could have been damaged in any way.
This is not always the case, so I am so pleased that this company takes pride in its work.
The item is very well made and can be washed in the dishwasher.
Thank you for your superb product and packaging.
Been making a lot of bread lately and my plastic scrapers weren't doing that good a job.
soap mold and use this contraption to cut the soap once it becomes in a solid state.
Deep enough to do the job and very sturdy and sharp enough to do the job easily.
Feels good in my hand and had a little weight to it.
I have a lot of OXO products, they are well made and hold up to daily use.
This is a great tool for moving chopped veggies from cutting board to pan!.
Bought this for my wife, who loves to play with dough of various kinds.
I do like the fact it is big and sturdy, easy to scoop all of your chopped vegetables and put them right into the pan.
OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper  is of good quality and so handy when making pies , pastry and crackers.
I had one but it just didn't quite meet my expectations.Any baker will be very please with this OXO Multi purpose scapper.
OXO Good Grips Scraper/Chopper this is a very nice item.
The handle itself is very easy to use and this is very well made.
I would certainly buy from OXO again and I do enjoying buying from Amazon since they started.
I cut 15lbs of dough a day and it has been perfect and stayed sharp.
wanted one off these for years  got one.
Not much to say other than this is a very high quality product; very hefty making it durable and long lasting.
This has been the best pastry scraper I have ever used.
I push the pastry 1/2 way onto the scraper and gently push it off onto the baking sheet, works wonderful.
The edge has a measure line on it also.
If you've been using a spatula to pry pastry off the board you've probably been tearing up as many pie crusts as you've made.
If not the bottom crust, then the top, it never fails.
This tool is wide enough and the blade thin enough to easily scrape up your pie dough each time and every time.
It also gives you the confidence to roll thinner dough.
Thin pie dough is flaky tasty pie crust.
The handle is solid and easy to grip I really like that the measurement numbers are engraved/etched permanently and NOT just painted on.
The blade itself, doesn't flex or bend at all, but is thick and sturdy.
It pretty much does it all!! Be sure to purchase a few to add to bridal shower gifts, too!.
I purchased the scraper/chopper to use in my kitchen for kitchen prep it will do the job for me just fine.
I would recommend it to anyone for quicker prep time in the kitchen.
It even has a ruler marks along the bottom that I had not noticed prior to ordering.
It chops and scoops things into the pot, it scrapes bread dough off the bread board or counter, and saves an enormous amount if time.
If you don't have one you don't know what you are missing.
It is a good, solid tool for novice or serious bakers.
It has a nice sturdy feel in ones hand.
The 1/4&#34; markings on the 6&#8221; blade are extremely useful since, when directions call for specific sized pieces, the markings save having to estimate size.
Further, because they are &#8220;engraved&#8221; into the blade&#8217;s surface, there is little danger of scrubbing off the markings.
If you bake frequently, the &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; will be a valuable addition to your baking tool collection.
bought for a gift and  it is better than mine.
Great little gadget.......OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper...a necessity for any kitchen....I even bought extras for my kids!~ I recommend this to other viewers!`.
It not only makes scraping and scooping chopped veggies quick and easy but it helps keep a busy work area clean.
The measurement marks have proven useful as well when making biscuits or rolling out a pastry or tart shell.
It's comfortable and the edge is actually straight.
You would be surprised how many dough knives in this price range have really crappy edges because of a lack of quality-control.
When I chop stuff, I use it to scrape up all the goodies and put them in the container.
I also use it to clean off my prep area for food and flour.
When I make dough I can cut it in pieces with it and it had a nice ruler on the end.
Then I just put it into the dishwasher and it cleans up easily.
OXO is known for making high quality, useful products at affordable prices.
As far as this product goes, it meets all three of those expectations!!!  I bought mine to use on my cutting block.
Sure, this may be for pastry use, but I find it to be quite good for everyday use.
The edge is slightly sharpened at the bottom which makes chopping through smaller items a breeze.
Overall, I am very satisfied with this product.
This bench scraper is extremely efficient and practical.
I use it to cut scones, biscuits, and split loaves of bread all the time.
It also works as a safe way of cutting open squashes and melons, and cleans sticky dough off countertops very easily.
Was surprised to see that the cutting edge has an etched measuring line.
Takes the place of a ruler when measuring dough cuts.
I just got this a week ago and can't understand why at 50 years of age I am just learning of this tool.
I have used it to chop and dice and being able to pick up veggies etc with it is the best part.
I love making home made bread and pizza and this pastry scraper is wonderful; I couldn't ask for more.
Buy an extra at this price-makes a great scrapper for hard cleanups and makes a great little gift.
Easy to clean.I would buy it again.I use this for baking bread, even cutting soaps!.
It is both sturdy and tough! It works a million times better than my old one.
It is a bit expensive but I think it is worth the money.
This scrapes all my untidiness off the granite and into the oubliette.It gets up under dough while kneading, freeing from any sticking.
Sometimes I think two would be even better.
Sharp, easy to use...large vegees...all vegees...keeps them on the cutting board...easy to clean and scrap the vegees were you want them.
Needed a good pastry scraper and chopper for when I make home made hamburger rolls, and this fit the bill.
I scoop my fruit or veggies off my cutting board after cutting up.
Great to pick up pastries, biscuits, cutting dough for your bread loaves.
This one is really sturdy and has a good, soft, easy to hold grip.
I haven't used it for baking ( scraping) yet, but I used it for chopping.
I prefer my chef's knife for more precise chopping/dicing but this tool is handy for quick chopping of celery, onions, nuts, etcetera.
I imagine the edge could be sharpened to make it more effective as a chopper.
The size of the blade makes it nice for swooping up the chopped material for transfer to the pan.
I purchased this originally to help scoop and transfer all my chopped items from the counter to the pan.
But, it was perfect for making all of my pie dough.
Perfect for cutting vegetables and it is made of solid stainless steal.
It is solid assembled and has no lose parts.
I purchased this scraper for lifting dough off of a pastry sheet, but also use it for lifting chopped vegetables off of the cutting board.
Before I bought the scraper; I was using a plastic one which would flex making it difficult to get the job done.
This OXO product like most of their designs is great.
We've used other brands and styles of scrapers, over the years.
This has turned out to be the most sturdy and easy to clean.
We've found that the ones with wood handles tended to absorb stains and flavors, over the years.
This is really a &#34;go-to&#34; product for me, very sturdy easy to hold, clean.
I don't know why I didn't get the OXO Pastry Scraper sooner.
I find I'm using it constantly to pick up large amounts of cut vegetables for transfer to another bowl or pan.
Much easier than lifting the heavy cutting board or trying to pick them up with my hands.
It's also great for cutting dough in half.
I'm sure I'll find more handy uses as time goes by.
I've also come to use it to clean up the dough and such from my work surface.
I'm impressed with the sturdiness of this product.
It feels like it can really take a beating in the kitchen.
It's another OXO well-designed product (most of them are) and it's nice that the measurements are etched on and not painted/stamped.
This kitchen tool I use almost every day.
Great for cutting, chopping and scraping, I wonder what I used to use before I got one of these.
Now I give them as gifts, to my kids as they have left the house, and for wedding gifts.
(Goes nicely with a brownie pan or cookie sheet.)  I use mine for making scones, cutting brownies, scraping dough, cutting butter, so many different uses.
It's very sturdy and will last my lifetime I'm sure!.
I've always need a scraper and saw this one while shopping here, and decide to get it.
Oxo makes good products, and I've never had a problem with their stuff.
On those occasions this wonderfully made OXO tool won't do.
Nice basic dough scraper, the handle is comfortable and the construction is sturdy.
I use it for dough and transferring chopped ingredients to the pan.
this is really sharp, so please keep away from children.
it's also a great scoop to move your chopped ingredients to another container.
This scraper comes in handy for so many things.
I mostly use it for putting chopped foods into whatever I am cooking, but I do use it for baking and sometimes measuring.
Not that it takes much time with a biscuit cutter, but it goes faster and I only roll out the dough once (better biscuits).
This also makes handling doughs easier than trying to use both hands.
I've also used it to slice cookie dough and it works great.I like the handle a lot.
It's easy to hold and use.This is not the most innovative item for the kitchen, but it is well worth having.
I'd bet anyone would be happy having this scraper in their kitchen!.
I use this a lot when making noodles, pasta and pot-pie(Bot Boi).
The recessed increments up to 6&#34; are really helpful and dishwasher safe.( It still gets washed by hand.) The handle is &#34;cushy&#34;, not hard plastic.
Also works as a scoop and edge is beveled for chopping, but not very sharp.
You might want to sharpen it if you really want to chop hard vegetables with less effort.
Not much to say here; it is exactly as described.
I remembered the cooks having these in my Navy days and thought about getting one but I rarely baked so it wasn't necessary.
We bake more now and this is a great have when baking large batches of any kind of dough.
Easy to cut and scrape with an easy grip handle and large work surface.
The best thing about this tool is the ruler embossed on one side.
I used it for a long time before I noticed it.
May have to raise it to 5 star quality.
I first saw it being used on Cook's Country and America's Test Kitchen television programs.
I thought it made sense and purchased it.
I have now found that it is so much more than just a bench scraper.
This is particularly good for transferring chopped items to a waiting pan.
In the past, I've used a knife blade but I worried about cutting myself.
I needed a new scraper and this one fits the bill to a T.
I usually find their recommendations useful and this one is great.
This works so well for making pita bread and cutting your big loaf into smaller loaves and ultimately the individual pizzas.
Also good for rounding up scraps on your butcher block.
Very glad I got this, makes me feel like a pro!.
&#34;Pish posh, another gadget,&#34; I sniffed when I saw this scraper/chopper.
For years I struggled with metal spatulas and butter knives cutting all sorts of foods thinking that was just the way things had to be.
I purchased this scraper/chopper on a whim and when it arrived I immediately noticed that it's a really nice size.
The molded handle fits comfortably in the hand and gives me the leverage I need to cut things in pans.
Best of all, it works like a charm.
This is a very handy tool and I would recommend it to anyone who cooks.
I use this to scoop up cut veggies, etc from the cutting board.
Very effective at getting dough off the cutting board.
A pastry scraper seems like a kitchen gadget you could do without but I'm finding this to be very handy.
So far I haven't used it for pastry (I plan to, though) and I haven't used it as a chopper.
What it has been useful for is scooping up vegetables I've chopped on the cutting board.
It has a comfortable, solid feel to it.
And for whatever reason it slices, scrapes etc, way better than the plastic scrapper.
Might be that the thing is big enough to get a decent hold on it, and the grip is comfortable.
I purchased this for working with bread dough, for cutting and dividing dough for pastries.
A neat little gadget to have in the kitchen.
It's helpful when making biscuits or measuring dough...easy to clean...good purchase.
Scrapped counter clean from sticky fondant, picked up everything for easy disposal, the best multi tasker ever!.
I think this is for baking bread, but I use it to pick up chopped veggies and what not from the cutting board.
Excellent grip , sharp enough for cutting semi soft vegetables such as cabbage but excellent tool for scraping up food.
After I sharpened this a bit I used it to cut cheese and other veggies.
We have already utilized it multiple times (bread and pizza doughs) and it works well for our home baking needs.
The plastic handle is comfortable to grip and to apply pressure.
This cutter is very handy when you are chopping up onions, celery, etc.
You chop up something and then use the blade to scoop up the pieces and add them to a pot or pan.
This is a perfect, indispensable tool in the kitchen.
You'll never pick up chopped veggies with your hands again.
Sweep this under whatever is on your cutting board and you're in business.
The OXO Good Grips line has done it again with their Pastry Scrapper/Chopper.
It works excellently for pastry scrapping and chopping, but it does so much more than that.
For anything that needs a rough cut (i.e.
tomatoes for sauce), this is now my go-to device.
Pick one of these up for your kitchen, you won't regret it!.
I've been pleased with all the OXO products I've purchased.
Works as it should to cut dough, though I wish it was a little sharper.
I purchased as a gift for my daughter because she didn't have one.
She is very happy with it and she uses it all the time now that she is the happy owner.
The pastry scraper works for pastry as well as working for breads also, multifunction.
It does what it says and does it well and it didn't cut me like some have.
Very easy to use, easy to clean up, appears to be built to last.
This scraper is easy to hold onto and sturdy.
It's a really handy addition to my kitchen.
I've used it to chop chocolate and clear off my counter between batches of cookies.
I also like the measurment lines on the end.
I bought this scraper to cut and portion bread dough.
The measurements etched along the blade are also useful for portioning dough.The scraper also cleans up easily.
It is dishwasher safe, and the dough doesn't seem to stick to the scraper.
one of my favorite purchases, i mainly use this for separating dough.
it's a good quality yet inexpensive little tool.
ive used it far more than i thought i would.
High quality item that does just what it says it will.
It is very rigid, but if that's what you're looking for in a scraper, this one is a great deal and very well built!.
Oxo is fond of rubberized grips, which do make for comfortable usage.
Your mileage may vary depending on your drawer space and orientation.
I HAD NO IDEA HOW OFTEN I WOULD USE THIS.
I BELIEVED IT WOULD BE SOMETHING FOR PEOPLE MORE PROFESSIONAL THAN MYSELF.
I ORDERED BECAUSE A COOKIE RECIPE I HAD SUGGESTED IT.
I AM GLAD THAT I DID BECAUSE IT HAS COME IN SO HANDY FOR SO MANY THINGS.
My husband and I love this wonderful tool and use it frequently.
This is one product we have gotten our money's worth out of.
Use it to handle those soft sticky doughs and for clean up anytime.
I used it just the other day handling sticky dough for homemade crescent rolls.
I have a light weight pastry scraper that has gotten slightly warped over the  years.
This one is VERY well made and shouldn't ever warp.
It does the job for me, mainly as a pastry board scraper, but it's sharp enough to be a cutter as well.
This scraper/chopper is awesome! It has a sharp enough edge to chop herbs or cut pastry.
It even has a ruler on the edge so you can measure the length or thickness of your product.
It has a nice grip and feels good in the hand.
It came to me quickly and I love it! This is a kitchen must have!.
Our thirteen year old son have seen this scrapes/choppers on many cooking shows he watches.
There's not much you can say about this product.
It's does what it needs to do and it's a must-have for any baker.
In the past I would tear apart dough with my hands or use a knife, making a mess.
I have two of these because they are super for cut up meat.
I don't like to use the same one for meat and dough.
The other one is from another site and I paid almost double what this one cost and it isn't as nice as this one.
This one has a nice rubber handle which makes it solid to hold.
When I cut up meat for stir frying these are perfect for picking the meat up and carrying it to the pan.
I use them both a lot.I can't imagine not having one for so long and I've been cooking for over 50 years.
This is what a dough scraper should be, metal, stainless steel, with a comfortable plastic handle.
Made to fit your hand comfortably and can be used to scrape dough from, well, pretty much anything.Buy one you'll like it.
I use it to scoop up diced foods and removing excess dough after cutting cookies out with cookie cutters.
Another ergonomic tool from OXO--a little heavy compared to others though.
Performs as you would expect in the kitchen.
I bought another one for the wood shop to scrape excess glue from joined boards.
The bits and pieces that can damage jointer/planers.
It does the job and comes out with no damage.
I use it for shoveling off the cutting board into the pan mostly, but it's super nice for baking pastries.
The sharpened edge is handy for easy chopping if you notice something that slipped through the process.
I'd only hand wash this though, keep it out of the dishwasher (as with all other knives and anything you want to last for awhile).
I've had mine for awhile and it looks brand new.
It's one of those things that you can't imagine yourself using, but once you have it you realize how much time it saves.
This scraper is awesome! It has a sharp edge that really gets under the food.
The ruler on the side is handy too.
This is great for cutting up bread dough.
Didn't need to scrape or measure but I don't see why it  wouldn't work.
Nice weight to it and it feels quite sturdy.
Very comfortable to hold...I have arthritis, and it does a great job of helping with daily cutting and scraping chores.
After chopping mirepoix with my chef's knife, it "evens" out the veggie dice sizes quite nicely and scoops everything into the pot beautifully.
I have intended to purchase one of these for a long time and just kept putting it off.
I made the purchase, received the OXO PASTRY SCRAPER AND HAVE BEEN USING IT OFTEN.
Regret I didn't purchase it at an earlier time.
Great for dividing your dough, gives you a measurement on the blade, is comfortable to use and work with.
Doing any dough or pastry work, buy it; works much better than the old butcher knife!.
This has a nice grip, is very solid and actually has a ruler etched into the edge.
OXO makes the best gadgets ever!!! This scraper is easy to handle and gets the job done.
No sharp edges and very high quality as all their items are.
I love that it has a ruler - I never thought I'd use that but I do all the time.
I use it for scraping when I'm cleaning my kitchen, like anything dried on the counter or burned spills on my glass stove top.
It's also good for when I'm making dinner to use to scoop up chopped things onto it to put into a bowl or pan.
Usually it rinses right off, or I put it in the dishwasher and it cleans up great.
It was a really good buy in my opinion.
I love how they have good grips on the majority of their items and this scraper/chopper is no exception.
I use it mostly to scrape off the counter and the cutting board and less often to chop with so it serves its purpose.
I bought this pastry scraper/chopper because it had been recommended by America's Test Kitchen.
Previously, I used a knife to slice the dough.
This works much better, because it's taller than the knife and the angle is pushing down on the dough instead of slicing.
That is no longer an issue.I'm very pleased with the quality, feel, and performance of this pastry scraper.
This pastry scraper is great for easily dividing dough into smaller pieces.
The ruler on the bottom is very useful when you are rolling your dough out to a specific size.
I just knew I would like this and I love it.
Bought this for my husband who loves to cook!He uses it to get dough unstuck from the board and to move food.Very handy tool!.
I have had this scraper for over ten years and I couldn't bake without it.
Great for cutting dough and the ruler on the blade is a real convienence.
I love that I can easily scrape dough and flour off my counter with ease.
Easy to clean, easy to store...you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.
I bought this after a trip to Italy where we used it in a cooking class to make gnocchi.
I've used it several times since then in chopping ground beef during cooking and to scrape dough off a cutting board.
This is a good product for cleaning counters after using flour which always manages to get away from the dough board.
The handle is comfortable and the edge sharp for cutting.
Proud to have this addition in my kitchen.
This is made with great materials and it withstands lots of use.
The handle is pretty bulky so it's easy to hang on to.
I like the measurements marked on the side as well as the slightly sharp edge.
This is another necessary kitchen item that I don't know why I went so long without having one.
It is also made of good quality materials and even has a ruler etched into the cutting edge.
I bought this along with the Snow River Pastry Board reviewed elsewhere to use in making bread, a hobby I just took up.
It is very helpful in the early stages of kneading (I prefer kneading by hand) when the dough is frequently sticky and difficult to handle.
This is a great paster scraper, the measurements on it are handy and the plastic handle very pleasing to grip.
It cuts easily through dough, even some of my thick cookie doughs.
Don't think that it's only for pastry though! I use it all the time when cutting up veggies, etc.
rather than using my knife to scoop things off the cutting board.
Much safer and gives you more surface area to carry items with as well.
Haven't used it yet, however, I like the weight of it and the grip on top is nicely shaped and easy to hold.
I got tired of using various spatulas and knives for scraping the work surface when making doughs and other messy things.
The Oxo has a good, simple design and it just works.
The handle is easy to grip and there's even a measuring scale along the edge for quick size references.
This tool is simple and effective and the price isn't bad either.
I'm not sure if I find this to be an advantage or a disadvantage.
It makes it a more multi-functional product for sure; however, I think it might slightly compromise the dough-scrapping-from-counter flagship role.
Always saw cooks using a bench scraper on tv and thought I'd order this and try.
Love it for having measurement ticks on it as well as scraping up odds and ends after rolling dough.
Also helps with picking up dough from countertop.
Scoop up all the chopped onions that you've made for your spaghetti sauce.
I got this to help me with pastries.
I just haven't used it as much as I thought I would.
Either I am not being inventive, or I have other tools that better solve problems that this one would.
I like the measurement markings.I will be using it next to make a gingerbread house for Christmas.
For the money I don't see how it could do a better job.
The edge makes it easy to cut and the measurements on the scraper are helpful.
The grip is rubberized and fits my smaller hands well.
The blade is substantial, not flimsy, but it still works well for cleaning up dough.
I don't expect that I will have to replace this any time soon.
Great for dough cutting, cutting portions in general, and you can use it to scrape your food off the counter.
It's especially helpful when I have dough stuck to my counter tops.
Love how it's easy to cut portion sizes...brownies, cakes, dough, pizza, whatever.
I cook/bake A LOT, so i love this tool.
I bought this just to have it and it's been very useful when I made bread or rolls.
This gets so much use that I don't know how I managed before without this handy tool.
I mainly use it for transferring chopped veggies from the cutting board to a bowl or pan.
What I didn't expect was how often I would use it for chopping.
It's a sturdy weight, doesn't bend, and has a nice sharp edge.
I love using it for cutting even, straight, brownies and bars--works much better than a knife.
I was hoping for a larger bench scraper, but I can't seem to find one that easily.
That being said, I really like this scraper.
I like the nonslip handle, so if my hands are wet, I don't lose my grip on the scraper.
It seems sturdy enough for tough jobs, and there are measurements along the edge.
I've been using it more than I thought I would.
I use this is a lot of my baking and have had good results with it.
I bought this on a whim, and now find that I can't do without it when making bread and pastry.
As an engineer, I'm very careful (my kids say loony) about wanting everything a uniform size.
OXO makes good quality items, and this one is quite useful.
I thought about skipping the extra cost and substituting it with a similar product I already had but I'm glad I didn't.
The handle has some weight to it which makes it perfect for cutting dough.
I didn't notice the measurements on the "blade" when I placed my order but they have came in handy numerous times.
This is perfect for the casual or more experienced baker!.
I use this more for scooping than scraping pastry dough.
It is a handy addition to my gadget stash.
I haven't tried chopping with it yet but I think it would work well for onions, garlic & fresh herbs.
Something you never think you need until you get one.
Very high quality steel, nice and thick, not flimsy at all.
This is one tool she uses to make all her traditional foods that involve dough.
She said the weight of this is just right since she has used this kind of scraper in other people's homes.
She would always said oh it's not like the one I have.
It gives her a good grip with staining her hand.
She's been using this for years and still continues using this.
Would buy her a new one if this one ever decides to break.
After years of not cooking anything that didn't go into the microwave, I finally decided that I needed to cook again.
This chopper/scraper has so many uses around the kitchen.
Good tool to add to your kitchen utensils.
I use it mostly for scooping up things I have diced and chopped.
I have also used it a few times for cutting dough.
The measures on it made it easy to cut things up into equal parts.
My dad always says you need the right tools to get the job done.
How true!  This has been my go to for cutting cinnamon rolls, baked brownies, dough.
Although this is described as a pastry scraper, we have found it has many uses.
Oxo is known for ergonomically designed tools, combining form & function.
This was a great buy!  It is very solid and makes cutting through dough/pastry so easy.
Update 8/25/07:  I love this so much that I bought a second one!  Now I have one for baking and another for everything else.
When I cook big meals, I tire of having to rewash it.This is my second bench scraper.
The first was a single sheet of metal that curved to form a handle.
This product is a lot heavier than my previous version and I like the weighty feel.Dishwasher safe.
I wish the measurements were printed on both sides instead of only one side.
Other than that, this is my favorite tool in the drawer.
I use it to help cut pizza dough and biscuits, it really works well.
It cuts well (I've used it for cutting dough into portions in the past).
It feels good in the hand and is solidly made.
This is a well made, heavy duty scraper.
The edge is straight, the handle is comfortable.
The size is just right, not too large to be bulky or too small to be efficient.
I HAD ORDERED THIS AND LOVE IT, HOWEVER, WHEN MY DAUGHTER CAME TO VISIT FROM TEXAS , SHE ASKED WHERE I GOT IT.
I GAVE IT TO HER AND ORDERED ANOTHER FOR MYSELF AND ONE FOR A FRIEND.
I now make naan, flour tortillas, and gyro bread.
I LOVE being able to so easily cut the dough into portions (12, 16, 12).
The key to fluffy flour tortillas is to work the dough as little as possible.
At least it is on the recipe I use (flour, olive oil, milk, salt, and baking powder).
So, this awesome cutter does double duty for me!!.
I purchased this OXO Pastry tool because I've taken on the task of baking more and more of my families bread.
And none of my regular knives were working out at all.This OXO chopper works great.
It's very sharp and cuts through the dough cleanly.I would give it Five-Stars except for one thing and that is the black handle.
Excellent price (currently under 10) and works well.
I use it all the time to clean my counters.
I just scrape everything into a trashcan and it makes wiping the counters down a breeze.
Flour tends to get everywhere and sticky when baking so I would not ever do it without this! Definitely recommend!.
I have a thick wooden cutting board so delivering the veges to the stove and pushing them into the skillet doesn't work.
This item is well made; nice non-slip ergonomic handle.
I am torn sometimes, because OXO stuff is well designed for the most part, but it is all made in China.
This scraper is sturdy and sharp and I expect years of use, though.
As far as construction quality, it's very well made, very heavy duty and likely will last for years and years.
The handle has a nice gripping area and it doesn't slip out of your hands when wet.We'd buy again, but I doubt we'll need to.
I bought this scraper along with aJohn Boos 20-by-15-Inch Reversible Maple Cutting Board, and couldn't be happier with it as a tool.
In my opinion, it's a must-have for anyone with a large wood board that's not easy to move, or someone with a butcher block countertop.
It's easy to clean, unlike other bench scrapers with a rolled handle which can trap food particles inside.
It is also very handy for cutting pizza dough, dividing scones, smashing garlic, and measuring thickness of meat to determine cooking time.
The measurements are engraved into the metal and won't wear off.
Love this Pastry Scraper!  I can't believe I have never owned one.
I have found it is a must have.
I have large hands and this scraper fits in my hand perfectly without feeling like I have to hold on to it too tight.
The handle feels wonderful and seems to be kind of &#34;non-slip&#34;.
I have also used this to coarsely chop some almonds and it worked great.
If I had to choose one of the best things I have in my utensil drawer, this would definitely make the top ten.
I've been experimenting with different pizza dough recipes and this scraper is invaluable for handling all kinds of dough, even the sorta wet "slack" doughs.
I got some cheese stuck on my baking stone after making pizza and used the scraper to clean it off.
It worked great but the baking stone acted like a sharpening stone and I cut my thumb deeply on the freshly honed edge.
I then dulled the edge on the same stone but yikes! Who wudda thunk?.
I do a lot of vegetable chopping, and this scraper really speeds things up.
Much faster and easier than using the knife or your hands to transfer chopped food.
Easy Grip for stability, allowed cutting harder vegetables more easily and alsokept up the speed of chopping, I recommend this item for your everyday chopping.
This pastry scraper - like most everything Oxo makes is comfortable to use, well made and not bad to look at.
It fits comfortably in your hand, has measurements on the blade which come in handy, and is very sturdy.
I have always just cut my pastry and bread dough with a knife.
I saw this and I thought I'd give it a try.
I love it! I feel like a professional baker! I cut through my pastry dough with ease.
When the pastry starts to stick I just scrape it up and dust a little flour under it.
When I'm all done, I use the scraper to make clean-up a breeze.
This makes all my baking projects so much faster and more professional.
Small enough and good-looking enough too, and good value for the price.
Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced.
Cant speak to use as pastry cutting tool I haven't tried it as such yet.
It's smaller than what the photo looks but the measurements are correct in the listing.
Works very well, blade is sharp and cuts dough easily.
Also use it to scrape up any dough stuck to my counter.
Recommend this item for anyone who bakes routinely.
A family member gave me this for Christmas.
I like the handle and the ruler on the edge.
The sharp edge can chop but that is a trade off for a lack of flexibility many scrapers have.
Although it's not as sharp as I thought it would be, it does help someone with lower arm/hand strength to work in the kitchen.
For something soft, it would be effective, but is not sharp enough to chop anything dense or tough/hard.
I have found this even more useful than I expected.
There are similar items available but the ruler measurements along the edge gave this item, well....an edge!.
I knew I'd need this someday, but didn't realize how often I'd reach for it.
I recently made petit fours and could not have asked for a better kitchen tool to help me along the way.
The ruler is so handy when aiming for uniformity in pastries.
It is a tall tool, so I was able to cut through multiple layers easily.
It cuts cleanly and is sharp enough to do so without being so sharp that you have to watch your fingers.
The blade is thin enough that I will use this when trying to get too-tacky pie dough off a surface.
I would not use this for cutting hard vegetables.
It is not meant to be used as a knife.
The metal is thin enough to be useful on delicate cooking projects, while maintaining a straight edge and never bending.
I highly recommend getting one of these to add to your kitchen tool arsenal.
This will be my second of these scrapers.
The first one disappeared at the same time that my daughter moved out.
I got mine on time and as advertised.
very useful tool: i use it when i make pie doughs.
Anyone who is serious about pastry should get this!.
This replaced my old that I used so much I wore it out LOL.
This is a staple when I'm cooking, cutting, doing anything in the kitchen.
This tool is great for breads and cookies.
I like the measurement guide on one side of the blade.
Works well for my use for over a year.
How did I live without this?  I use this almost daily and love it.
I've had this scraper for about two years now, and it still looks like new.
Deeply engraved measurements along the edge, and a nice thick handle on the top of grippy oxo rubber.
Very useful for scooting large quantities of chopped nuts, flour, and other ingredients.
WOW This little beauty is a dream! I cannot believe I didn't own one.
It chops/minces little batches of herbs too but I have plenty of things that but nothing like this to scrape, lift and measure.
Trust me even if you think you don't need it...you'll love it.
I have never found an OXO item that I did not love, and this bench scrape is no exception.
It is made from a fine grade of stainless steel with a perfect edge.
It is sealed very well to the stainless steel so there is no worry of water getting in between.
I like having this rubbery handle, as opposed to the ones I've seen with the rolled stainless steel handle, because it is easier to grip.
My son decided he wanted to make a double batch of decorated sugar cookies for the holidays.
We used the recipe in Joy of Cooking which is tasty but stuck terribly to our board.
This was highly recommended by the folks at America's Test Kitchen.
They were so right...it works like a real charm!.
Followed a trustworthy review from cooks illustrated and they hit the nail on the head.
Super robust, not cheap feeling and it looks like it will last me for quite a while!.
Was pleased at the quality of this item when received.
It is heavy duty, the handle provides for a solid grip with a supple, silicone type feel.
I make a lot of artisan bread, this is very useful for scraping the counter free of excess dough.
It has a measure which helps in keeping bread sizes in check, I also use it for cutting.
I use it for pasta, bread, pie and cooky dough.
Blade is not knife sharp but it cuts clean.
I love this product, it was a birthday gift and I have used it repeatedly since I received it.
This is an excellent scraper at a great price.
I really enjoy having this scraper in my kitchen.
It makes cutting dough and cleaning up very easy.
Definitely a huge help in cooking, especially for baking pies.
I purchased it a couple of weeks ago and I am using it all the time.
It is durable and you can even measure with it.
Yes, it's good at what it does: scraping.
This thing does a great job of cleaning up the countertop after kneading bread and getting flour all over the place.
I think I will have to get some as gifts for people for Christmas.
My mom visited and she fell in love with it.
It scrapes great, it cuts cinnamon rolls and dough perfectly.
I have to admit - I actually just use this scraper as a scraper -- cleaning up the counter tops after cooking/baking/rolling, etc.
Perfect size, dishwasher safe, and does the job!  Great add-on to all of my other OXO tools!.
Works great to cut my pie and cookie dough in half and to scrape it up off of the counter after it is rolled.
I like to make fudge for the holidays and I was having trouble cutting it out once it had hardened in the refrigerator.
My sister suggested one of these for cutting brownies, so I immediately thought of my fudge, also.
Well, a few days later I ordered this product and I am absolutely satisfied with it.
It really helped cut the fudge into manageable pieces.
It helped to make them look professional enough to take to holiday parties.
And, according to my sister it will work great for brownies.
I have also used this to cut frozen pound cake and again, I am fully satisfied with the results.
I also find it very handy to use as a scraper for the countertops and cutting boards.
I can hardly wait to use it when I divide my homemade pizza dough.
I don't know how I got by without it for so many years.
Great for a multitude of uses...I particularly love the measurement increments etched into the metal....they won't wash off!  I love it!.
I love the weight of the handle, feels very substantial in hand, hopefully it'll last.
This is pretty straight forward, but I wonder how I ever managed before.
This is great working with my dough and great cleaning my toaster oven (scraping the crumb tray which often has carbonized spillage crusted on it).
Be warned -- the edge is SHARP! I continue to place it back in the cardboard holder it arrived in.
I'd like to see a storage case created for this.
I like this scraper for picking up chopped/diced items to add to a dish or pot.
Using it is so much easier and quicker than using a knife or my fingers.
It is really nice to have good kitchen tools to use and not improvise with whatever knife one has.
Why wouldn't you buy a tool that is this handy, is this well-built, and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
It wants to help you divide dough into halves, quarters, and thirds with ease.
In fact, this may be one of the most useful tools in your kitchen.
If you got it somewhere else, you probably paid too much.
Besides that, the handle is comfortable and cute.
Takes a bit to learn how to use this but for baking it cannot be beat.
Use to scrape together your dough then to loosen the crust from the kneading surface.
Item is marked with inch designations on the bottom but have not had any need for them.
A little difficult to store in my 'junk&#34; drawer - tends to lock the drawer shut from the inside!  Oops!  Time for a new home.
I love my new OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper!  I have arthritis in my hands and find this gadget easy and comfortable to grasp.
It has been great for chopping veggies and I have found it wonderful to use to slice hard cheeses.
I haven't used it to lift pastry yet, but I'm sure that it will be equally useful for that purpose as well.
It is well made and I expect it to last a long time.
well made, strong blade can hold the weight of the food, but flexible enough to be useful.the ruler on the edge comes in handy.
I had been looking for a decent pastry cutter for a little bit, they are many options out there.
This seemed to fit right into the pocket of quality constructions and value.
I am happy to say that I use this item regularly, from cutting dough, to cleaning flat surfaces to even scrapping pans.
I like having this tool at my disposal.
I had always had one (different brand) and needed to replace it when the old handle cracked.
I cook a lot and use my kitchen tools all the time.
This pastry scraper, much to my surprise, is my &#34;go to&#34; tool!  I originally bought it to use for my bread making process.
This item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase.
I like it very much and am VERY glad I ordered it.
Thank you so much Amazon.com for the great price,  good value and prompt delivery.
I use this every time I chop vegetables for cooking.
It makes it quick and easy to load chopped vegies into the pot after chopping them up.
This oxo grips multi-purpose pastry scraper and chopper is all-in-one tool.
Cut you butter into the flour, scrap the flour on the counter and chop it all together and easy to clean, thank you.
This is a great tool in the kitchen.
I now have two of them (two different kitchens) and love it.
This is great but came with an edge sharper than my cleaver.
Would have torn up my butcher block work surface.
I removed a lot of the edge with my honing steel.
You might want to do that also before you scratch up or shave your work surface.
Has a ruler on the edge going to 6 inches I believe which is helpful.
I use it to cut dough, to scrape flour back into a pile easily.
I don't do any baking & I don't do much cooking either.
I wanted a product like this for scraping up chopped vegetables (especially sliced onions) off a cutting board when making salads.
It's easier & safer than using the chef's knife.
It works very well & the grip is designed just right.
Although I had a hunch, I really never knew how much something so simple and mundane could drastically improve my cooking experience.
It's also great for cutting dough and any cutting tasks that require blunt vertical force.
Running my fingers along the blade does *not* result in a cut, if that gives you an idea.
Although some reviewers think of this as a downside, I don't think you want your scraper to be too sharp.
This isn't a knife replacement, so it shouldn't be sharp.This single tool makes both prep and clean-up substantially easier.
I recommend that everyone have at least one.
It's much sturdier than I imagined and comes in handy for so many things.
I've had cheap dough blenders before, and the blades always ended out pushed out of line from the butter or from the dough itself.
and they were impossible to clean! But the OXO Good Grips is fabulous.
And the famous OXO grip makes it easy to hold and doesn't hurt your hand.
Much better than cheapo dough cutters, and you'll never use the two-knife system again.
I bake many types of scones and pastries that demand perfect blending.
That means the fat and flour must be blended well, but not overblended.
This tool has taken a lot of the hard work and time out of the old way of using two knives in scissors action.
The overall balance to weight ratio is excellent; the handle is a good diameter and width, and the tines are spaced apart nicely.
The design of the tines makes reaching all parts of the bowl to pick up flour a breeze.
Cleanup is easy since you can toss it into the diswasher without fear of rust.
I highly recommend this product from novice to pro.
It's very hard to find a nice dough blender and this one is really nice.
The grip is wonderful and it cuts down that pie crust making time in half.
This is a real Godsend during the holidays when you're making all those cookies and cutting in the butter, as well as all your pies.
It washes up beautifully in the dishwasher and is basically something EVERYONE needs to have in their kitchen.
Even my 7 year old could cut in the butter like a pro!  Easy to clean.
The wires did separate a bit, but it doesn't affect its ability to cut through the butter/dough with ease.
One is OXO's spiffy traditional "Good Grips" handle, a soft, thick rubber handle that's easy on arthritic (or otherwise painful) hands.
First, the wire blades are flexible enough that sometimes large chunks of butter push them aside instead of getting sliced up by them.
A number of OXO items have broken under our care.
And while we unabashedly admit that we make heavy use of our kitchen items, we do not abuse them.
We're careful to take care of them, and have few cases of things gratuitously getting damaged.
There's not that much to say, is there?  This dough blender works perfectly.
It's much faster and more comfortable than the old &quot;two knives&quot; method.
And it's sure easier to clean than a food processor.
For making biscuits, pie or tart crust, or any other kind of baked pastry product, it's a great tool to have.
you should'nt really have a problem with the wire flexibility.
I like this one!  It's comfortable, reliable, economical and cleans up easily.
Find a better one that meets all those criteria (if you can).
For me, a person who doesn't need something like this all that much, this was just perfect.
It has a low price and is very comfortable to use.
It works effectively and I have had it for about 2 years.
In a home setting with an occasional user like myself this has been wonderful.
It has cleaned up very well which was  a wonderful surprise.
For the price this is a great one to own.
No mess; it's easy to manage any size sifting job: just control the side-to-side motion and there is no trouble using virtually any mixing bowl.
You can really shake it like crazy, or use the opposite hand to support and softly &quot;roll&quot; it.
The bottom cap keeps contents from falling through the mesh screen while you measure flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt, etc into the top.
That way, you can move it around your workspace if you need to.
This is the best sifter I have ever owned, I am extremely happy with it.
I like this sifter especially for making cakes that require folding in sifted ingredients in portions at a time.
The bottom lid allows you to control the portion.
The top lid stops ingredients from flying out.
Sifting mechanism is smooth and easy and doesn't require any &#34;mad&#34; shaking around!.
So far have not found any issues with any OXO product.
This is the smallest sifter I've ever seen.
It will hold about two cups of flour.
I have a small kitchen and I don't sift a lot.
This item is easy to store.* The top and bottom lids.
The side-by-side sifting action works fine for my needs.
I can sift a cup of flour in about 20 - 30 seconds.
Would I want to do 10 cups per day like this?  Of course not.
For bigger jobs I'd get a bigger crank-style sifter.
I like the fact that this is not a bulky sifter and that it has lids on the top as well as the bottom.
Hope that the shaking part of it will not break, stay tuned.
I bake a lot but I don't hold to my mother's obsession with sifting everything before it goes into the bowl.
I like the back and forth mechanism on this.
I have carpal tunnel and the trigger model would kill me.
However, you really should be sifting your ingredients in a cup or so at a time anyway so you just have to sift in batches.
Works well for a sifter of flour and such.
Very durable and sturdy; much better than those that are much less expensive AND cheaply made.
I don't know why people are saying this product works slowly?  I find that you can dispense a cup of flour in about 10 seconds.
Oxo Good Grips Flour SifterThe OXO Good Grips Sifter was designed to make sifting easier and faster, and baking that much more enjoyable.
With a slight shake side to side, the sifting mechanism is activated and with little effort you have perfectly sifted flour.
These were the main features that I was looking for in a flour sifter.
Something that doesn't take up much room, but is efficient in its use with little effort.
The top and bottom lids keep flour fresh and the inside of your cupboards clean.
The OXO Good Grips Sifter is so much easier to use that you will look forward to those recipes that call for sifted ingredients.
Why would you ever store a sifter with any flour in it anyway, you are just asking for problems.
The bottom cap keeps contents from falling through the mesh screen while you measure flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt, etc.
That way, you can move it around your workspace if you need to.
The mess is almost eliminated and you'll enjoy a better baking experience.Think of this sifter as a baker's tool and less as a sifter.
This product is great at working with dusting's.
The second good use is for putting flour down on the counter top to kneed bread.
It sifts over a large area so it is quick at making a light dust over a large area.
But don't forget that this sifter has a capacity for larger amounts of flour as well.
I get better results when I take my time baking, after-all, I'm baking and I'm not running the 100 yard dash.
That's what I tell my grandkids when they are over and we make/bake something they enjoy to eat.
A lot of thought was obviously put into this product.
It is well designed and manufactured from high quality materials.
I expect it will last me many years.Unlike some other reviewers I had no problem with speed.
I sifted 3 cups of flour in under a minute.
I did notice that the mesh screen at the bottom of the sifter can be removed for cleaning.
I also noticed that it can become dislodged and not flush with the agitator at the bottom of the sifter.
This may be why some folks are experiencing slow sifting.
They may simply need to realign the mesh screen properly.The plastic lids that come with this sifter are a brilliant addition.
Then use both lids when storing the unit.The metal is a very sturdy but I was disappointed by the plastic handle.
I would have preferred the rubberized grip OXO uses for most of their other products.(-1 star).
I've tried to up the rating to five stars and can't figure out how to do that.
I originally gave this four stars because I feel the design could be greatly improved with very little change.
It was the best sifter I've ever used and I've been looking for something like it ever since I started baking on my own.
This sifter gave me a hint that it might work the same way that old sifter did, and it's close.The sifter is very well made.
It is about 4 1/2" in diameter across the top and 3 1/2" across the bottom.
It will hold about three cups of flour, although it's only marked to two cups.
The "cup" portion is definitely quality stainless steel.
The pivot point of the handle is hidden under the "comfort grip" portion, so I can't tell what the connection is like.
There are no holes or openings in the "cup" portion that will leak flour.
The caps are a nice addition, especially the bottom cap.
With that on, you don't need to be concerned about the sifter dusting everything in the cupboard with flour.Another reviewer said it is very slow.
I've just tried mine out, and found out a few things I'd like to share.
When I filled it, hardly any flour would sift.
I found shaking it from side to side was on the slow side, even with a smaller amount.
Using the memory of my mother's sifter, I tried holding the cup and moving the handle back and forth with my other hand.
This worked VERY well, and the sifting was as fast as any other sifter I've used.
When moving the handle back and forth it was going across the entire bottom and ending against the side.
The little "bump" against the side seemed to make the difference between fast and slow sifting.
This would be the perfect sifter if it was small enough for me to hold comfortably in one hand.
And that's saying a lot since I've been looking for a good sifter for 30 years!.
The shaking can be a bit cumbersome for those that have a problem with repeatative motion difficulty.
I usually keep a few rice grains in the bottom of any sifters for that extra help, but this thing barely needs it.
I've had a couple trigger sifters flat out break on me and by far prefer this design-nothing mechanical to break down.
This does the job - much neater than any other sifter.
I've owned battery operated ones, used a sifter while tapping it against my hand (messy!) and this new one is so much easier to use.
You can hold onto all the ingredients and then sift the ingredients in the bowl.
We do not use a sifter too often, but we did need a sifter for the times where it is really required.
Overall, this sifter is sturdy and carries the Oxo name with pride.
Also, it takes a good bit of time to sift a large quantity of flour.
It might help to have a larger container or a different type of mechanism.
But if you need something larger you are likely looking at a different sifter anyway.
While it could be improved upon, this sifter is by no means a bad product.
In fact, it is a very good product and meets/exceeds our needs.
The Oxo Good grips Flour Sifter is recommeded for most people.
I love the fact there are two covers both top and bottom.
The sifter is a shake sifter which is great for those of us with arthritis.
Over all, well made and a must for all bakers.
gr8 for getting lumps out of the flour and for loading dry ingredients and mixing them together as u sift.
Oxo wins again with this handy gadget! (Excuse the pun)  It is easy to use and can be operated one-handed using a side-to-side motion.
It has tight-sealing lids for both the top and bottom, so you can leave flour in it all of the time.
It holds two cups, which is perfect for most applications, yet it remains small enough for easy storage.
I have psoriatic arthritis, which effects my hand & wrist joints.
After  typical use with this sifter, my wrist joint is pretty sore.
I do not think this is a better option than traditional sifters, in that regard, but I thought I would mention it.
Perhaps the tag is there because the handle is more ergonomic.
I received this product as a gift and love it.
It's easy to use and the covers for the top and bottom make it great for when you need to add things gradually.
This is a wonderful gift for any cook.
My husband uses this every week when he makes crepes.
I wouldn't use a tiny bowl to sift into, but it doesn't have to be huge to keep from making a mess.
This works very well and my hand doesn't get cramped up when I'm sifting a bunch of flour for cookies or bread.
Lots of reviewers have commented about how it took them minutes to sift a single cup of flour.
I sifted 3 cups worth in about 15 seconds, and I wasn't shaking it excessively either.
This utensil will slide under cookies stuck on a baking pan without cracking or crumbling them.
It will allow you to remove a small square of brownie or cake from a pan without breaking up the pieces alongside it.
It transfers several appetizers or treats at a time.
And if you do use it to ice a cake, the offset handle provides excellent control and keeps your fingers out of the frosting.
It smoothes any topping to absolute perfection -- you will look like a pro.
I use this for icing cakes, transferring cookies to a cooling rack, serving cake, brownies, etc.
I love this tool and I plan on getting a couple more because it's used so often.
the oxo good grips bent icing knife is a good purchase.
i think i would have preferred the shorter knife, but it was not available a the time i bought this one.
the shorter one would be easier to manouver around on a cake.
As a gift, my granddaughter says that she really appreciated my gift.
I have one exactly like this one, and I'm so glad that my granddaughter loves it.
I have been meaning to buy an off-set spatula and finally did order this one.
It's great for spreading cream filling into a blind-baked pie crust.
Thank you OXO!!!  I haven't used this great tool for icing a cake yet.
Another great OXO product easy on the hands.
Seems very sturdy as does everything that OXO Grips puts its name under.
I bought this because I, too, wanted a longer icing knife.
I works well, with the exception that it is flexible.
So, the frosting cannot be cold or stiff, which sometimes makes the cake more difficult to ice.
It does work fantastically with softer frostings and whipped cream.
I back quite a bit, and this knife has significantly reduced the time that it takes to frost a cake, it's that good.
Between this and my Wilton Trim-and-Turn Ultra cake turntable, I can get a cake frosted in minutes.
It has also survived multiple trips through the dish washer and still looks new.
After mangling a number of cakes with a butter knife, I gave in and bought this for icing my cakes.
This knife made the job SO much easier.
You just load it up with icing and start spreading.
It's simple and easy and the right tool for the job.
This knife is very easy to hold and handle.
I will order more of this in the future.
Finally, while frosting some cupcakes, I wrote myself a note and ordered an off set spatula.
It is one of those things you do for your self to make life easier.
It is a very comfortable knife with a nonslip handle.
The bent blade is perfect for putting the frosting on and then shaping the frosting to fit the cake or cupcakes.
You can slide the knife right under cookies to lift the cookies off without crumbles.
Anything, really that you want to move from a pan to another surface.
Many people, like me, never think to purchase one, and then once you have it, you wonder how you did without it.
A gift someone usually does not buy for themselves.
Remember this, when you are thinking of stocking stuffers.Recommended.
As with all OXO products you know your buying quality.
The grip handle is great for greesey butter icing hands.
I love to bake cakes, so I'm not sure why I waited so long to buy one of these.
Works wonderfully, very easy to use and flexible.
spread batter, frosting and a lot of other things around on a sheet pan or frost a cake.
Nicely made s/s blade and silicon handle with a nice grip.
Has gone through the dishwasher many times w/o any mishaps or rust problems.
I use this offset (Oxo calls it "bent") icing knife (really a spatula) on a regular basis.
I also slide it under the cheesecake to separate it from the springform base, and then use it to start lifting it off the pan.
I've used it numerous times for whipped cream and even Wilton's canned frosting, thinned a bit.
I used it the first week I had it and loved it the first time I used it.
This tool is ideal for whisking a loose batter, eggs, whatever.
It has the feel of a professional's tool.
I love the feel of the handle - you will not drop this accidentally! Worth every dime!.
I love all the Oxo Good Grips kitchen utensils because they are so comfortable to use.
I use this little 9" whisk a lot for small jobs.
It is perfect for mixing up a little thickening for gravy, whisking a few eggs to use in recipes when baking, or for scrambling eggs.
One little bit of advice is to rinse the whisk immediately after using to make clean-up easier.
I made the mistake of letting food dry on it a couple of times, and it made cleaning it more difficult.
I highly recommend this whisk for all cooks.
The handle, the length and the diameter of this product has made long term whisking less arduous.
This size whisk is perfect for small jobs.
Feels great in the hand and is well made.
I have had a whisk from the Dollar Store, worked OK for a while, but then fell apart.
It's a whisk, it's little, it works better than most.
I will buy a larger version of the same brand.
I reach for my OXO Good Grips 11-inch whisk 90% of the time.
It does a great job, the handle is comfortable, it's not too heavy but can whisk just fine.
Unless you're whisking egg whites by hand, this is an AWESOME go-to whisk.
I had an issue with another product that was my fault, and they replaced it kindly.
I have many of their kitchen products and have liked them all.
The whisk is great but smaller than you would think.
If you are looking for a standard size whisk go with the 11.
It is well made  and is great for smaller tasks like whipping eggs for omelets.
And i have to say i love them both...The handle is what really helps.
This is my only whisk, and it is the perfect size to do just about any whisking job.
Sometimes it's a little small, but overall I would definitely suggest this to someone that doesn't want to buy 3 different sizes.
I own two of these just in case I ever need to scramble eggs and mix pancake batter at the same time.
It's small, but it's also sturdy and well balanced.
You're not going to mix a ten gallon vat of pancake batter with it.
But it's perfect for a family size mixing bowl or a three egg omelet.
I bought this whisk because my old one finally broke (2 of the wires popped out).
When I was browsing for a new one, I didn't really know how the whisk was measured.
This one is the "11-inch" model, but I didn't know from what to what was included in that measurement.
I also have a silicon-covered whisk, which is not so great, especially when stirring pudding that you have to stir forever.
I guess my old whisk was really junky, but this one is great.
Also the rubber handle is comfortable to hold.
I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 if you care).
I have about 1/3 use of my hands and 1/2 use of my arms.
I can use most whisks with some effort, however, this Oxo one is almost effort-free for me.
I love this little whisk!  I always make my own salad dressing and this whisk is perfect for that.
The handle is comfortable to hold and weighted just enough that it doesn't tire my hand or wrist - even with severe arthritis.
It's large enough not to get totally lost in a bigger bowl but small enough to work efficiently in a tighter bowl too.
The tines aren't flimsy - they keep their shape while you are whipping away.
Can't think of a single thing I'd change.Last whisk standing.Highly recommended.
Unlike some of the previous, uneducated reviewers, I knew prior to ordering this item that it was not used for making Whiskey.
I knew that it was for beating things, such as eggs, whipped cream, and unruly children.
(The latter is an optional use - I would use the 11-inch whisk, also available from amazon, or a heavy iron spoon).
In short, this tool does its job with aplomb.
I enjoy whisking all manner of items, and find myself using this item when it really isn't necessary at all.
Just this morning I whisked myself a milk and organge juice smoothie, and followed that up by vigorously whisking my bowl of Rasin Bran.
Sure, flakes and milk ended up all over the place, but each cereal shard was coated with nice frothy milk.
Overall, this whisk is superb at doing what it was meant to do, and then some.
I think I may use it tonight to whisk together a bowl of chiken soup puree! YUM!.
This is almost a hybrid of the flat whisks and the balloon type.
I use this several times per week and love the small size.
Oxo is a staple in my kitchen--I love their stuff.
Do measure because it's small--a feature I really like.
As with mos of the good grips products, very comfortable handle.
Nice handle, good nine inch size, dishwasher safe and easy to store.
This whisk is the first one out of the drawer for the task.
I got two sizes and they are just the ticket for making sauces, pudding and such.
Your hands won't cramp while using them, nor will the whisks slip out of your hand.
I wanted one that wasn't 12" long and this fits the bill.
Nice and small and lots of wiring ~ sometimes I think too many, but it seems to work well for whisking dry ingredients while baking.
Easier to wash than any whisk I have ever owned - no weird crevasses to hold bacteria or dried food.
Handle is comfortable to hold even for long whisking tasks.
I like it so much I plan to purchase another soon!.
Some are overkill or just too overbuilt, but I think this is there sweetspot and they have consistent quality.
I bought the larger size first and loved it so I went ahead and bought this 9 inch and also love it.
A little larger would have been nice and there is no give to this whisk.
Good quality, OXO is a good brand that I frequently buy however be sure to pay attention to the dimensions.
I thought I was getting a bigger wisk length wise than I actually received.
It was my fault for not looking closer to the size.
I kept it anyway, I will use it.
It is just not the full length I wish I had purchased.
When I got this whisk I also got an 11 inch one because I have always used bigger ones.
I figured a small one would come in handy from time to time.Well, I was wrong.
THIS is the one I use all the time.
If you just want to get one whisk, I recommend this OXO and this size.
After one month of use, I hightly recommend it so far.
It's easy to handle, the size is perfect for small mixtures and it seems to have good quality, both the whisk and the grip.
The OXO 9-inch whisk is a very good product.
However, I should  have been more mindful when I ordered this because I already own this exact size.
I was looking for one that was slightly longer - about 11 inches, but still as slender to replace one that broke.
I use the whisk often, always with great results.
This is  a great whisk to add to your kitchen tools.
As always, the handle is quite ergonomic, an Oxo trademark.
I purchased this one because it is an in between size.
It's great for use with smaller bowls as the head of the whisk is narrower.
I actually use it more often than my large whisk.
It's smaller than the whisks I grew up with, so if you use big bowls, buy the next size up.
I own MANY oxo products and am pleased with almost all their products.
They all perform their function well and with style.
And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle.
Seems very sturdily made and have had absolutley no problems.
OXO is the best in everything they make.
Exactly what I needed, I had one before but lost it in the move to a new house.
We have a couple whisks in our kitchen, but this is my go-to whisk for whipping up scrambled eggs, omelets, breakfast bakes, and the like.
It feels great in hand and zips through the eggs quickly, easily, and thoroughly.
When they say 9 inches they mean 9 inches from bottom of handle to tip.
The wires are not extremely rigid like the cheapies, but they don't feel like they are going to bend either.
They have just the right amount of give to make whisking together ingredients a snap.
Not only is this my favorite whisk, it is truly well made.
With a bit of pressure, you can whisk into every inch of a saucepan.
The OXO whisk is the best whisk I've ever had.
It's very sturdy and just the right size.
The handle makes it easy to hold on to.
I used to be a professional cook, and consequently I got spoiled when it comes to tools for my kitchen.
one I bought at the same time, are excellent-- and the price is phenominal for such a good product.
The grip is a big help if you have to whip up a pint of cream, as I did on Thanksgiving day!.
This whisk is so nice to use & doesn't rust in the dishwasher! I have both sizes now & won't ever buy another brand.
This 9" whisk is well made ..with a very nice handle.
For the bigger jobs....get their 11" whisk....which I will get soon.A whisk is a must....so many uses.
I even use them in some non-stick pans...carefully.Ideal for mushroom.
I actually ordered this whisk because the first one I bought is always in the dishwasher.
This is the whisk I grab for everything, gravy, batter, marinades, eggs, etc.
I have a larger whisk that also works well but just doesn't fit the hand as well.
With the shape of the handle and rubber texture this whisk has the perfect feel for every meal use.
I will probably end up buying a third as these two I now own will always be in the dishwasher.
It's lightweight and comfortable to use for smaller tasks like whipping just enough cream for hot cocoa.
It's length and small size make it a great size to use with my smaller pots.
It's the perfect size for making a couple cups of homemade pudding for dessert and makes quick work of getting rid of lumps in gravy.
Love this whisk, the grippy handle is perfect!  I needed a whisk that wasn't too big and to use for when I make hot chocolate.
This fits my hand very nicely and is a good quality kitchen tool.
This whisk reaches into the corners of small pans, is just right for mixing a few eggs or incorporating ingredients into a pan sauce.
I'm a hero at home for making this purchase.
Assuming the quality of this item is just as good as it was 5 years ago..then this little whisk is essentially perfect.
As far as I can tell it's still in perfect condition and of course it's quite comfortable to use.
What more could you ask for from a cheap little whisk in this day and age?.
So much easier than trying to use a fork to make omelets and such.
the loops are strong and well spaced to provide optimal whipping/mixing action, yea.
Excellent whisk - buying one for my daughter!!.
but since I'm lazy and this is dishwasher safe, it wins by default.
Use it to whip your eggs into shape!.
I love this whisk! The handle is a comfy rubber that doesn't tire your wrist.
It more tines than any other whisk I've owned which is a good thing because eggs and cream whip faster.
This is a sturdy, well-designed product, just what I would expect from OXO.
Food doesn't get stuck in the area where the wires meet the handle and nothing on it rusts.
To be honest, I don't use it much so I can't comment on how it holds up to heavy use.
I use this for small jobs that I don't want to get a hand mixer our for.
I love the fact that it is metal and not nylon, but I wish the very end had a bit of a pointed tip.
It would make it much more useful when making gravy on a saucepan on the stove.
Other than that, it is great and makes awesome pancakes and scrambled eggs.
The handle is great and the whisk pieces actually move to contour to the bowl.
This is by far the best whisk I have ever owned.
OXO is known for its quality and this product doesn't disappoint.
The whisk is well-constructed and the design is exactly as you'd expect.
This whisk is really well-made and so far I am really pleased with its usage in my kitchen.
It is very sturdy and does a good job!.
No but seriously it's so great as you can imagine; dropping the boring old egg in the bowl and using this whisk.
You start bouncing and swirling and realizing you need the music on because your body just won't stop dancing with this thing.
Time to invite people over for the party, It's to bad the balloon whisk didn't come with balloons.
Gonna Gonna Gonna, forget the future what about now.
We should start now, so I mean tomorrow not in the future.
I am a fan of OXO products and this whisk is no exception.
Very well made and the handle has nice feel.
This whisk is kept in a jar with my other frequently used kitchen tools so it can be quickly accessed.
Trust me, not all whisks have wires sealed in at the base!Well, he was right.
This whisk is so stury, I doubt I will ever have to buy another.
It's also a good medium size, versatile for eggs and everything else I've ever needed a whisk for.
I've used used this several times (mostly scrambled eggs) and love it.
I like the fact I don't have to worry about it rusting if it stays in the water a few days.
Not gonna tell you about my cheap 'melted' spatula!Good product.
This whisk is great!  It is much better than I expected and better than any other whisk I have owned.
It is good quality and easy to hold.
I just bought a second one and am throwing out my 2 old bent out of shape rusty bottomed ones.
This is great and covers all needs and I use it for everything from eggs to whatever- beautifully made and cleans well.
This whisk was top-rated by America's Test Kitchen after testing several.
I took a chance and couldn't be more pleased.
Its great for thin ingredients and works well on recipes that are thicker.
Good quality excellent just what I had been looking for.
Where I live we only have a Walmart and the do not carry any thing close to this quality.
I would think that the rubber would burn off with little issue.
Apart from that, this is quite a nice whisk.
I love this OXO Grip whisk .The handle is perfect for my older hands.
Both are a plus in making the job quick and easy.
I'm so glad I took a chance on  this one and bought others to go with it.
I have many OXO utensils, and so far I have very few complaints.
My previous whisk was a &#34;dishwasher safe&#34; stainless steel handle model - that fell apart after a few washings.
This whisk seems very solid and well balanced - but I will probably hand wash it, just in case!.
I didn't choose the whisk life it chose me.
I am known for my shakes (hand shaking, that is).
I'm not talking about the greeting, but rather my Essential Tremors.
Most of my siblings have this unfortunate gene, but I am the one who gets called out for it most often.
I thought I was hopeless, until that one faithful morning.
I went to check the kitchen for some raw energy.
I cracked the eggs in a bowl and out the bread in the toaster.
All the forks were dirty, so I had to use a whisk.
I broke out the good ole Balloon Whisk and got to work.
I noticed that my whisky ability was very powerful, and I could whisk the eggs up in about 5 seconds.
I can whisk anything at a high power.
I am no longer The Shakiest Gun in the West, but rather the Quick Whisk.
And, just like Thor wields Mj&ouml;lnir and Aragorn handles And&uacute;ril, I carry the OXO Whisk of Justice.
Even though, I haven't found a way to use my powers against criminals, I have found a way to rid of the pettier things.
If you have some pesky ants that continue to make a hill on your lawn, I can whisk away their evil doings in a flash.
Also, if you think cobwebs in your house is a problem, just give me a ring, and I'll be over quicker than I can whisk.
I also work at social events and birthday parties.
It's a whisk-y business, but someone's got to do it.
The rubber handle stops it from going anywhere.
Nothing worse than trying to dig a utensil out of batter.
I'm glad I did because I saved about 25%.
I have used it a number of times and, in my view, it out performs all of my other wire whisks.
I like that there are different lengths of this whisk.
Seems to be a good product so far.
sturdy whisk that does the job nicely and w/ ease.
I bought the smaller version as well and like that one too.
Love all OXO products, and this is no exception!.
OXO never disappoints with their products and this is no exception.
This whisk works great, it feels comfortable in the hand and has just enough give.
When I purchased this I didn't realize how big it was but that's okay.
It was the first whisk I have ever owned and I really love it.
The handle is comfortable for me - no arthritis yet, but I am getting older.
This is a very nicely built whisk, especially considering the price.
The wires are bonded well to the handle, which is easy to grip and feels sturdy.
The whisk performs well and is easy to clean.
Nicely sized -- not too big, not too small.
This is no exception -- a great value, and highly recommended.
This Whisk works great, and cleans up easily too.
The grip on the whisk is pretty amazing - the balloon shape helps me with whipping egg whites.
Has a nice grip and design, seems sturdy.
Like all whisks can be difficult to wash.
Love the handle, not uncomfortable and whips perfectly.
I love to cook and had a previous whisk, well known brand, but the whisk part broke off at the handle.
So far my wrist wears out well before this whisk ever will!.
A whisk is not a complicated device so there is not much I can say about the performance of the whisk.
I mention that last part because I am left-handed and my wife is right-handed (a wee touch of humor).
We have yet to be disappointed with an Oxo product and don't expect that to change.
This whisk seems to be well built and sturdy.
It has a little weight to it, which I like.
The grip fits well in my hand and the material is easy to hold, unlike some of the smooth plastic grips.
It is not the least expensive whisk you will find, but it does seem to be worth the extra money.
I really like this - easy to hold and mix with it.
I have arthritis in my hands and Oxo Good Grip tools work the best for me.= best product for a great price.
I have to say I was surprised at how good this grip feels - it really does!Good, sturdy whisk.
I seem to gravitate towards OXO because I've always been happy with their products.
I got it after seeing it reviewed by America's Test Kitchen, and after getting fed-up with my silly silicone whisk; it's really good.
I didn't think there's such a thing as a &#34;better&#34; whisk until now, but this one kinda proves me wrong.
It is better than the one I had.
This balloon whisk, purchased from Amazon, is what I needed for larger and more weighty ingredients.
It's very comfortable, does the job and I  recommend it for those with or without arthritis.
Well, I own a bigger whisk so I guess that's what I was expecting.
Like all their other products, it is well made and the handle is comfortable.
I always check America's Test Kitchen to see what they recommend and they said this one, so got it.
It is really nice and easy to use.
This whisk was recommended by America's Test kitchen.
This is a great whisk as it has more wires than most and has a comfortable handle.
I also bought the silicone version for my teflon pans.
Light but sturdy; well-made and as expected with OXO Good Grips brand.
It does grip well and I really enjoy using it.
It gets the job done! 10 out of 10 for me.
I love OXO products as they are so comfortable.
I use this all the timeand am very happy with the quality.
They are well made and feel good in the hand; your hand will not cramp during a long stir and won't slip off either.
I bought this almost two years ago, and have used it almost daily since then.
It does a fine job and is holding up very well.
I had been wanting to get a whisk and saw this one recommended by CI.
i shouldve been on there marketing team for such a catchy line to this review.
you can throw it in the washer and not worry about it.
i actually keep it in a canister on my counter because i use it so much.
I've been using whisks I can get for $1, but the Oxo Good Grips 11-inch Balloon Whisk was a very good investment.
The cheap whisks I have used before have felt like they are bending in pancake batter.
Nice ergonomics if you are going to hand wisk vs.
Looks good and holds up well after repeated use.Purchase again?  YES.
I couldn't decide between the 9" or 11", but I bought this one first to see if it would work for smaller jobs.
This whisk is perfect for baking because it aerates so well and is sturdy and comfortable.
It doesn't work as well on just one or two eggs, but I still use it for now.
The big plusses about this particular whisk are the handle and construction.
When i'm preparing egg whites or baking, the handle makes a huge difference so I can continuously whisk.
If you are planning to whisk egg whites at all, make sure you get a good grips whisk, whatever the size and shape.
Also, a rounded, uncoated, copper bowl is mandatory.
If/When this one wears out I will replace it with another OXO Good Grips.I use this product.I love this product.I recommend this product.
This item seems to be strong and sturdy.
I expect it to last a long time.
I like it because the handle doesn't slip out of my hand.
Great quality and I love the gripper handle.
I have purchased several types of whisks in the past year, and this by far is my favorite.
It is very well made, feels sturdy in the hand.
The grip is padded and thick enough to get a good hold on it, causing much less fatigue during use.
I have had multiple surgeries on my hands, yet I find this whisk very easy to use.
A perfect balloon whisk consists of:  Good balance, a good grip and a sturdy balloon; this has it all.
I've had $30 whisks that didn't come close in performance.
It has a great handle and is dishwasher safe.
It is well balanced and has worked well with everything I have thrown at it - including some fairly thick cookie batters.
I will probably buy a few others of this same style.
I love the handle., the whisk is easy to clean, etc.
I don't know what else to say, but I have to add more words, so there you go, Amazon.
The product arrived on time and in the condition described.
This is the best whisk I've ever had.
It works very well, and it cleans up easily.
I bought it a while ago and it's still as good as new.
It does take up a lot of room in my kitchen drawer, but it's a nice product.
We ate 'real whipped cream' throughout the holiday.
Everyone enjoyed taking a turn with the whisk.
It seems really durable and I think I'll be able to use it for years.
Not much more you can ask for from a whisk.
Whisks are something it seems we can never have too many of; although, we have made do with only one for the last several years.
Finally decided to get another one and used America's Test Kitchen testing in our decision making.
This was their top rated balloon whisk.It is nicely made, very sturdy, and cleans up easily.
I'm not going to lie to you and say that this is something which i use everyday.
If I use it once a year, consider that enough.
I bought it however because I needed one and got it in the mail today.
It is fantastic! It wreeks quality and I know I'll have it for a long time.
This whisk works extremely well, and feels good in your hand.
I have really given it a workout during the holidays-and I really love it.
I have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool  made things much easier for me.
I now own 4 whisks, and yes, I need/use all 4!  This is my new favorite though.
It actually feels nice when you're using it.I purchased this whisk based on America's Test Kitchen recommendation.
They have never let me down in all my previous kitchen purchases, so I did very little research on the product before purchasing.
It's a plus having the easy grip handle but still having the wire wisk as opposed to the plastic wisk.
I love OXO products!  Whenever I replace an cooking utensil or get something new I always look for OXO.
The whisk is sturdy and of course the handle is comfortable as with any OXO product I have.
This is the best whisk I've every used.
It is very comfortable to use with the handle and works like a charm.
It gets the job done much faster than my other whisks.
I will not buy anything but OXO products - very high quality.
Makes all tasks painless for my arthritic fingers.
Like all Oxo products this whisk is high quality and easy to hang on to with a nice non slip grip.
Comfortable handle that seems pretty solid, and it's a good size.
Not so large it takes up the whole drawer, not so small that bigger whipping jobs can't be done.
I wind up grabbing this one for just about everything and it seems to be holding up well.
I have two whisks, this one, and a silicone covered whisk.
This whisk is great to mix things quickly by hand.
The metal wires instead of the silicone just works better.
I use the silicone whisk for like making white cheese sauce or pudding (because of the scrapping the bottom of the pan in high heat).
But the metal is a powerhouse of whisk energy.
When I realized they cook and didn't have a whisk, boy they are missing out.
I've only used this a couple times but it feels good in the hand, easy to clean and is durable.
Why buy this over another brand? I've rarely been disappointed with any of the OXO products.
Buy quality.Buy OXO you won't be dissapointed.OXO makes some of the best products for the price-I own a lot of them!.
What a great, handy gadget to have in your kitchen.
It's so much easier than getting your mixer out, plugging it in to mix something simple...like scrambled eggs.
Love this whisk!!!!! Made well and does it's job properly.
I would gladly recommend this to anyone I know.
You can get this at BBB for a bit cheaper with 20% coupon.
Whipping can be a tiring, hand cramping ordeal but this balloon whisk is very comfortable to use, works great, easy to clean.
The good:  The rubber handle is more comfortable to grip and ergonomic, and the metal tines are sturdy and clean up easily.
I have some other Kuhn Rikon whisks that are fancy and much more expensive.
They're nice, but I keep reaching for the OXO.The bad:  It doesn't stay upright in the pan when you put it down.
It keeps sliding into the pan, so you need to set it aside on a plate or trivet when cooking.Overall, my favorite whisk.
The grip is nice and is comfortable in any position held.
I am loving every minute of it it is super sturdy and extremely well made and not to be big.
We saw it being favorably reviewed on a PBS cooking show, so we ordered one here.
It is comfortable to use, and does a nice job in the mixing bowl.
When they say 11 inches they mean 11 inches from bottom of handle to tip.
The wires are not extremely rigid like the cheapies, but they don't feel like they are going to bend either.
They have just the right amount of give to make whisking together ingredients a snap.
As Norah Jones is singing something about love being a lost balloon, I am sitting here contemplating the sheer beauty of this whisk.
Not only is this my new favorite whisk, it is truly well made.
With a bit of pressure, you can whisk into every inch of a saucepan.
I highly recommend it and I use it a lot.
This OXO is my versatile, go-to whisk; the first tool for which I reach in a variety of food prep applications.
It is the perfect size, weight and design to move rapidly in incorporating more air into scrambled egg preparation, for example.
I own a variety of whisks, but the OXO Good Grips is the only one I keep handy on my counter top.
Excellent whisk! Nice soft feel and most importantly does exactly what it should do.
Small enough and good-looking enough to, and good value for the price.
Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced.
My old whisk had 5 wire loops that would jam into each other and bend funny (piece of junk).
The Good Grips 11" balloon whisk has 10 wire loops that don't come into contact with each other, allowing for more thorough whisking.
The plug in the handle where the wire loops go though is heavily sealed, keeping it very sanitary.
Also great for large gravy making at Thanksgiving.
Other than discoloration of the wire loops (after much use and dishwasher cleanings) it still looks and feels new.
It's such a reasonably-priced item in comparison I hardly consider that a negative.
It works well for larger pots of sauces, etc.
Not good for needing to get close to the edge on a pot.
There are smaller whisks that get closer to the edges.
They withstand a lot of use and are very comfortable to use.
No clumping up at the nose of the whisk.
Now I need a smaller one that works as well, and one in silicone to protect my pans.
After reading a review of kitchen equipment on the "serious eats" blog I decided to pick up the OXO 11" balloon whisk.
Just like the review said, this whisk is light-weight and with the rubber handle very easy to handle.
Unlike the whisk I had been using, which was a tad on the heavy side, this is a breeze to use.
After making a number of poor choices I finally hit on a good product in this OXO Whisk.
The handle is very easy to grip and we find that the 11 inch size is perfect when making sauces in a Saucier pan.
Quality seems to be very good...we are happy with this one!.
This is a really nice balloon whisk, it will be perfect for making eggs or batters.
Really sturdy and not to difficult to clean.
I needed a whisk and this fit the bill.
I bought this OXO Good Grips whisk in the 11" size thinking it would be good for many uses.
This OXO Good Grips 11-inch Balloon Whisk is great.
It fits the hand well and is easy to use and clean.
And, I wouldn't buy anything that wasn't dishwasher safe.
This is now my first go to wisk.
This whisk is well balanced allowing for easy whisking.
It has withstood many runs through the dishwasher without collecting water in the handle like other whisks I have owned.
Now I just need a smaller version to go with this one!.
At 50-something, my hands are beginning to ache, but I still cook, though sometimes I get my son to open jars for me.
This whisk is great because it is soft on the hand and doesn't require much pressure to control it.
It also happens to be a great whisk, doing what a whisk should do and doing it well.
Then, when you are done, you can pop it on the top rack to clean.
Can't go wrong in the kitchen with this brand.
Durable, functional and a good grip! Have used for some time now and still good as new.
Easy to grip, easy to clean, and makes my omelettes fluffy.
This is a great whisk, and that's about all you need to know.
it does not lie when it says &#34;good grips&#34;.
Kind of wish it had a hole for hanging.
A flat whisk is nice for getting stuff mixed at the bottom of sauce pans, etc.
That said, I have not put it to many tests and it's really only meant for whisking very lightweight ingredients (eggs, liquids, etc).
The parts that set it apart from cheaper whisks are probably the handle and the construction.
The handle is comfortable and has a nice rubbery grip.
As far as construction, it's sealed well where the black rubber meets the metal and the parts are all solidly welded together.
Easy to clean, makes me some super fluffy eggs.
Has held up well so far, and the construction is tip top.
the oxo good grips flat whisk is perfection! I mostly use it to make sauces! This is the best flat whisk on the market!.
This is a great tool to have if you frequently whisk wet and dry ingredients together.
With a normal balloon-type whisk, thick batters can get stuck in the middle, but that can't happen with this.
I use it a lot for pancake and waffle batters.
Just the right size for whipping up some eggs.
The flat whisk fits the utensils drawer well.
The handle is great and comfortable to use in any position.
This is one of my most-used cooking tools.
Hasn't rusted like other cheap brands that I've bought in the past, would buy again.
Works for what I need it for, but I don't need to whip volume into anything very often.
The have to have kitchen utensil when cooking any rue, sauces, gravy, etc.
It is simple yet makes all off your stove sauces come out perfect.
This is super for 1 reasons:1 - It is a flat whisk and the flat whisks have always worked great for me.
Has a grippy handle like many OXO products, but small enough to allow various handholds.
One can wisk and lift simultaneously allowing excellent aeration.
The flat shape permits scraping a roux or omelette off the bottom of a cooking surface which evens the cooking of a thickening liquid.
Although it's metal it does not scratch a pan when held flat, even nonstick, as there are no sharp surfaces on the wire.
Because of the slight bend in the shape it is usable as a spatula.
The flat design means all surfaces of the wire can be easily reached for cleaning and it stores more compactly.
I really love using this whisk with my stanless steel pans.
Wish I could find one coated for all the other pans I have.
Would recommend this  to anyone who makes sauces or gravies.
It has a nice length with balanced handle and nice tongs to reach all the surfaces of a pan or bowl.
I hand wash it and do not put it in the dish washer.
I saw Pioneer Woman use one of these and decided I would try it out.
Should have bought one  of these years ago! Very handy, well made, works great.
I love this whisk! I'm going to buy a regular version as well.
This whisk really stands up to use and isn't flimsy like the one I had before.
This is my first flat whisk and it is very sturdy.
It washes up very nicely in the dishwasher.
especially for the price! Works great with pan sauces and gravies.
If you're looking for a 7-inch flat whisk with 3-inch handle, then you've found it.
This works well for me in small 1-2 quart bowls.
If you deal with larger bowls and pans, I'd recommend looking for a larger whisk.
This works especially well when stirring and making roux.
When blending wet/dry ingredients, a conventional whisk would work better.
Exactly what I wanted and does the job great!  Good price and it was exactly what the description said.
This functions just as well if not better than a normal whisk.
I actually like it better for trying to whisk solids into sticky liquids (sugar into eggs).
I purchased this for my niece who is living on her own for the first time and is exploring her cooking talents.
This wisk is a good fit because it is safe for all types of pans and machine washable.
I recommend this wisk for making gravies and rues.
It works great this morning when I used it to wisk pancake batter and scramble eggs.
Needed a mid-sized whisk as I'm doing more cooking and food prep.
Seems like it will last a long time.
Always best to have the right tool for the right job.
I have been using this whisk for over 10 years and love it.
The very best for making gravy and very useful as a spatula.
"Flat"  Round Wire Whisk is one of the best whisks I have ever used.
Its not perfectly flat as suggested by it's name, and that is a blessing.
The whisks are slightly curved like a serving spoon and makes this whisk unique and almost perfect.
I even use it for scrapping like a spatula and blending like a round whisk constantly.
It is the "  Zyliss Quick Blend Whisk  ".
Check out the reviews and decide for yourself.
It's super well made and super easy to clean.
These are my two favourite whisks and the only whisks i have in my kitchen.I hope my review is helpful.
The price is right and it works extremely well, what is not to love?.
It works better than any balloon whisk for blending and breaking down thickeners or solids.
The handle fits well in my average-sized hand and the Good Grips feature is always a plus.
OXO -- I haven't gone wrong with your brand yet.
I purhcased several of these for my kitchen as well as for friends.
The grip is easy to hold ergonomically and it allows you to whisk without getting tired.
this stores and cleans much much easier than a conventional whisk.
OXO all around (I have found out) has excellent equipment.
The rubber handle is perfect for whipping up food.
I really like the perfect size of it too.
I did not realize how much difference a flat whisk would make when making gravy.
I had been using a balloon whisk and thought it was fine.
The flat whisk is more effective and quicker.
I use this whisk for almost everything that needs mixing! I highly recommend this product.
Handle is very comfortable and whisk itself is sturdy.
It does the job I need it for but the size is silly small.
I guess it permits you to beat one egg in a cup or something.
Just know that you're going to be clumsy with it at first.
Then I realized that I loved it even though I was still spilling a little egg over the side of the bowl while whisking.
Order a spare - we have ordered two! They're not that large and fit in your &#34;other&#34; drawer nicely.
Great for custards, because you need to be scraping the entire surface of the pan to prevent curdling the eggs!.
This is a very good whisk as it get into the corners of the pan much easier than the standard round one.
I never thought I had a use for a flat whisk.
until I ordered this and used it once.
I only wish the handle was a bit bigger.
My hands are big, so it is hard to hold on to when you are whisking fast.
I have one whisk for the kitchen and another one with my grilling stuff.
I will never attempt to clean another whisk.
YOu will not believe how much easier this one make all kinds of jobs.
I have never owned a &#34;Flat&#34; Whisk before.
How did I ever live without one?  These whisks are so wonderful for gravy and so many other things.
The OXO Good Grips brand seems to be of high quality.
I love this whisk and use it all of the time.
Flat whisks are much easier to clean than standard whisks.
Prefer this type to mix pancake batter, cake mixes, and cookies.
Since they are flat, makes them easier to clean and batter does not clump at the bottom like a standard whisk.
I've been using a round whisk for 20 years.
This whisk is easy to handle, gets to the bottom of pans or skillets wonderfully, and is one of my fav kitchen tools now.
Very happy and it does break the lumps  up very fast.
Very handy tool I reach for often when cooking, it doubles as a whisk or even for turning salmon on the griddle.
I'm an OXO fan, so I don't really have anything bad to say here.
The loops of the whisk are firm enough to stand up to any sauce or liquid.
They're not that great for thicker batters, but that's what a regular metal whisk is for.
I use this for scrambled eggs and other foods I cook in nonstick pans and it works great.
Does the job and is easy to clean.
They are sturdy, the handles are made from slip-resistant rubber and they are fairly easy to clean.
I purchased this balloon whisk so that I could finally whisk items while they are in my good non-stick cooking pans, without damaging them.
While they nylon whisk part isn't as stiff as most metal whisks, this does the job very well and I'm happy with it.
We got some nice nonstick cookware and these nylon turners and spoons work great and do not scratch the cook surface.
I went with this one since it's heat resistant and with it being non-metal, I can use it in my non-stick pots without worrying.
Thanks OXO for making such a great product with such a low price.
Now I can stir gravy in a coated skillet and not take a chance on ruining the finish.Thanks for a wonderful product!.
No scraping the non-stick surfaces!  The loops are a bit large/floppy to get a nice fine whisk, but I can live with it.
Baloon whisk do as a ballon whisk does, works good- 10 more words required have a nice day, good luck,.
The OXO Good Grips Nylon Balloon Whisk Is another great product.
The handle is soft, thick and does not slip out of your hand.
Great to whip a sauce or mashed potatoes in a non stick pan.
Great quality, very strong to use in mixing.
I ordered 2 just to be on the safe side.
I do a lot of cooking.Good strong whisk.
My wife can destroy anything in the kitchen.
This whisk saves all of that trouble with its durable nylon making it easy to use and easy to clean and keep looking nice.
Just don't leave it sitting in a hot pan for very long.
I use this to mix my GNC vitamin powders and creatine mixes.
It's large sized, and makes small work of the task.
I also use it to make rues for gravy.
Because I make sourdough bread and starter, I needed a non-reactive whisk to better blend the flour and water when feeding the starter.
Anything thicker than pancake batter, however, will severely test this whisk.
As with all Good Grips products, the rubber handle is comfortable and non-slip.
It also gets points for being dishwasher-safe.Do not get this whisk if you don't already have a heavy-duty one.
This whisk is best used against nonstick surfaces or in cases where you need a non-reactive means of mixing.
It can be used in my non-stick cookware without damaging it.
I find the handle easier to control than the sort of whisk I had before with a smaller, thinner handle.One of my favorite gadgets.
(Hers has not given away yet too soon to tell) Do get this one first.
Hint: Shop around first before you purchase save money!!!.
I love this thing, its sturdy yet made of silicone so it wont scratch your pots and pans when making sauces, gravy and eggs.
This works great and is really easy to clean.
It's great that you can use them for non-stick pans.
This whisk has a comfortable handle, is lightweight, and seems to be strong built.
Works just as good as my metal one with the plus of not scratching.
A must have for all no stick pans...light weight and easy to clean...great addition to my kitchen tools...ok to wash in dishwasher too.
it's great, works well and is sturdy and not flimsy OXO has been a good name.
this is a nice high quality nylon whisk by oxo.
as always with oxo good grip products, this is quality and has help up very well.
i got it because i hate the noise and wear of using regular whisks with my pots and pans.
this works well as a whisk and is gently on my pots and pans.
So you do not need to worry about that!.
I was looking for a whisk that won't scratch all my plastic bowls and coated cookware.
This was a great value and it works well.
It's just as rigid, if not moreso, than a metal one.
I would have liked it a bit more if the tines were a bit stiffer, but otherwise does a good job.
I'll still reach for the metal whisk if I'm not working in a non-stick pan.
As usual, OXo has made an excellent product.
I have arthritis and the handle is so kindly.
This whisk is great for those coated pans that you want to protect and keep in good shape.
It works as advertized and is a value for the money.
I have purchased much more expensive kitchen utensils and have been very disappointed.
This is a very nice piece, good quality and well worth the price.
Highly recommend for all whisking needs, especially in non-stick cookware.
I like this whisk because it can be used in non-stick pans.
The loops are a bit more flexible than on a regular wire whisk, but I haven't noticed that causing any problems.
If you have non-stick cookware, I'd thing you'd really enjoying having one of these!.
It's about as sturdy as a nylon whisk goes.
I am switching from coated cookware to stainless steel so I can use a real metal whisk.
I was looking for a nylon whisk to use in non-stick pans so as not to scratch them.
My only complaint is that it is fairly large to use in smaller pots.
I use it in my nonstick cookware when I have to which something like a sauce or pudding.
I like the handle and it is easy to clean.
This works great in my stainless steel pans and helps me in the kitchen because I have arthritics in my hands.
Takes less effort and take the pressure out of my wrists to use this.
This is a great whisk! Very well made! I have been looking for one to use with my non-stick cookware.
A great tool! I would recommend this one!.
I've had this whisk for almost four years, and it's been working very well for me.
Some people say it's not strong enough to do heavy-duty whisking, but I think that's just a matter of technique.
The nylon is long-lasting and easy to clean.
It doesn't scratch your pots, pans, or bowls.
There are advantages there.But it is a bit thick and it will take some adjusting to that if you're used to wire whisks.
It'll fall out of a bowl if you leave it there and aren't careful.
Nice to not worry about scratching our pans with this whisk.
I purchased this because I noticed that my wire whisk was marking up the enamel on the inside of my Le Creuset pans.
This does the job and leaves no scars!.
I needed a non-steel whisk whenever I make my soup in my non-stick pot.
This is the only one that I found so far and it's good.
I like OXO brand, most of my kitchen utensils are OXO so I have come to trust the brand.
Honestly, this doesn't come out all that often, but it works well, feels good in the hand and is safe with non-stick pans.
Solidly built and cleans up nicely in the dishwasher.
What more do you need or want in a whisk?.
It is great for whisking things in my "non-stick" pans.
I own a lot of oxo products and like them all, and this whisk is no exception.
For the price the quality is good and is exactly what I needed.
I mostly use it to make gravy and it is great at getting the lumps out and scraping the saucepan.
Whisk works well to whisk in pans with heat, hasn't melted, Holds up well in the dishwasher, can't rust, all plastic.
I have used this whisk on eggs, gravy and pudding; it does a very nice job mixing all of them completely and smoothly.
It does not scratch my non stick pots and pans like a metal whisk would.
I really like how it fits in my hand the handle is soft and easy to hold.
This tool has made my life just a little bit easier and that's what it's all about when it comes to any tool.
This whisk has a very comfortable grip, as do all Oxo products, and it does a great job of putting air into the mixture.
It's light weight, but does a fine job.
I use a metal balloon whisk in general, but always hesitated when using it in teflon coated non stick pots and pans.
Also the handle is very comfortable.If you're looking for a good whisk that can be safely used in any type of cookware, here's your whisk.
Simple and effective whisk to use with my non-stick cookware purchased through Amazon.
This is is solid nylon so that won't be an issue here.
The whisk was a little bigger than what I really wanted, but I still like it and use it often.
Finally, a non-metallic whisk that does its job.
I would recommend it to any good cook.
I am so glad to own this whisk, my biggest worry is scratching nonstick pans, and my stainless steel pots and pans.
The handle is also very comfortable to use for consistent stirring.
OXO Nylon products are a great replacement to my metal utensils.
It is easy to clean and doesn't scratch my new pots.
It is dishwasher safe but very easy to clean by hand as well.
It is a useful item in your kitchen drawer.
It works great without having to worry about scratching them with the metal whisks.
I ordered this because my son got me non-stick cookware and I didn't want to scratch it using a regular whisk.
It works great! It's easy to clean, and doesn't scratch my Calphalon Comtemporary Non-Stick Cookware.
It's not good for heavy duty applications, but it is great for a nylon whisk.
Won't scratch your nonstick, and does a great job with whipping.
I ordered this to use with non-stick sauce pans.
I watch the Food Network regularly and noticed that practically every "star" uses Oxo products.
I started off with the pepper mill, and am slowly building my collection.
This whisk works great - I like the fact that it won't corrode and that it is easy to clean.
These are absolutely the best I have ever used.
I tested them for both dry ingredients and liquids with a digital scale and a known to be accurate liquid measure.
This is important to me when baking, especially breads.
The set includes a half-tablespoon and a 1/8 teaspoon, both handy sizes and often not included in sets.
The sizes are in easy to see colors.
They feel good, at least in my hands by having a non-slip surface, good length and substance that should last many years.
I wear a 7-1/2 glove if that gives an idea of scale.
They move freely on the keeper loop, as well as remove and reattach easily.
It doesn't seem like they are going to come apart in the drawer, so this may need an update later.
The black color did not hurt being able to see dark spices, or clear liquids too badly.
I'd like a second set so I have one set for liquids and one for dry ingredients.
I realize that black is an OXO "thing" but I hope they consider offering this product in a lighter color.
I cook/bake all the time and love these measuring spoons.
The "good grips" on them makes them easy to handle.
I've owned them for about a month, and have been hand-washing them and have not encountered the problem.
The 1/2 T measure is great for measuring 1 1/2 t and eliminates using two separate spoons.
I have only had these for a short while but I love them.
I had rubbermaid ones that the numbers wore off so I had gotten these.
I love the added sizes and the sturdy handles.
My review is for the "OXO Good Grips 6-piece Measuring Spoon Set, Black".
I'm willing to use it for dosing of one liquid medication, to me that says it all.
They are going to be part of a gift for a very special person.
They came right away and are just as presented.
I have quite a few Oxo products and have always been pleased with them.
Oxo makes great products.I really like the color measurement markings on each spoon, but other reviewers have mentioned the size measurements coming off after use.
I have tried scratching them and they appear that they will hold up.
I hand wash many of my items so hopefully that will never become an issue.
These are much sturdier than metal measuring spoons that I own.
About once a month,  I devote an entire day to making large batches of stews, soups, etc.
in my slower cooker, pressure cook  and on the stove in various large pots.
I then freeze them in smaller packages for future dinners.
I like that the individual spoons snap off of the ring.
All things being equal, I am very pleased with these spoons and I look forward to using them frequently.
I like that these have such a good variety.
The problem with the amounts rubbing off seems to have been fixed by the company.
OXO makes great kitchen tools and this is no exception.
There are plenty of sizes to get the right amount of what you need for your baking.
I highly recommend this, but if you want a measuring set with less sizes on it, the stainless steel one by OXO is nice too.
I purchased these measuring spoons for use with lotion making and I love them.
Everything just slips out, with no muss, no fuss.
My wife needed a 1/8 teaspoon measure for a recipe.
These measuring spoons are accurate, and include 1/8 tsp measure, as well as 1/2 TB measure.
The loop that holds them together will easily snap on or off.
The ovular shape makes it so that they will most likely fit into the mouths of most spice jars.
I have another set of measuring spoons that are made of metal, and are perfectly round.
The perfectly round shape will not fit into my smaller spice jars.
These, however, with the oval shape, sneak right in.
So one of the biggest complaints on this product was the markings wearing off, sometimes very fast.
The markings are raised up, so even if the markings had come of (they haven't) you would be able to tell what it was still.
These are the best measuring spoons I have ever used !! They have brightly colored numbers so you can see what your grabbing.
they are non slip so if you have dexterity problems they are easy to hold onto & they are dishwasher safe.
Who could ask for more? They are a valauble addition to my kitchen !! I'm glad I got them!!.
Great form, great function make this set perfect for our kitchen.
No aluminum here, this is easily maintained and safe to use.
I'm hoping that the marking survive the dishwasher.
I'll try to get back and add another updated review after I've used them for a while.
We do a lot of baking in our household so we were eager to get our hands on this OXO measuring spoon set.
We own other OXO products and find they are high-quality products.These spoons are another solid product.
I like the in-between sizes, as our previous measuring spoon set did not contain all these sizes.
I like most all of Oxo products, so ordered these measuring spoons.
They are plastic, and the set even includes the 1/8 teaspoon (smidge).
They are slightly enongated to help facilitate reaching into spice jars.
They almost look like colored silicone inlaid in the plastic handle, but I'm not sure.
They were a little tight at first, but they've loosened up perfectly to have just the right tension for pulling the spoons off the ring.
I also love the fact that the set includes a 1/8 teaspoon and a 1/2 Tablespoon.
These are really convenient for recipes that you have cut in half.
They will get tiny scratches in them with age, but that's normal for plastic.
I have had a set of the "older" spoons for about 6 years.
The labels have been wearing off gradually, so I replaced them with the newer redesigned version.
What a difference! I love the shape, how they fit into my spice bottles and how they can be taken off of the ring individually.
These are already getting lots of use in our house and i'm pleased to have another wonderful Oxo product in my kitchen.
Contrary to what that little hog Rach Ray claims all cooks need to have a good set of measuring spoons.
That is because it's absolutely impossible to "eye-ball" small amounts of measurements, especially when you're using leavening ingredients.
These OXO Good Grips are probably the very best set of measuring spoons that I have ever used.
I like the fact that they include the color-coded measurements on each.
I did take off 1 star only because the color-coded measurements are starting to wash off.
These are made by OXO, a really great kitchen utensil company.
OXO offers a lifetime "100% satisfaction guarantee" on all of their merchandise.
I have had to implement their warranty on more than one occasion and it was always easy and very simple.
A good set of measuring spoons are just as useful and needed as a good set of kitchen knives.
Account holders wife here:  This is a great set of measuring spoons.
They are easy to read and very durable!.
So, I ordered these spoons and I'm happy I did.
They are great.Here's what I like:-The measurements are now a part of the plastic of the spoon and not just painted on.
(Also color coordinated.)-This set includes the 1/8 teaspoon size.
I will check back if we have any issues with them in the future.
The ring attached to them can easily be taken off.
You can not go wrong with buying OXO brand of cooking accessories.
Happy and highly recommend this measuring spoon set.
What can I say?  They are measuring spoons.
I use them for my fish tanks with my salts, buffers and chemicals.
I have the larger measuring cup set as well and I'm very pleased with both.
They clip securely to the ring and stack nicely within each other.
The classic Oxo rubber grip is a nice touch and I haven't experienced any wearing of the lettering.
I do use these in the dishwasher but I don't use the heat dry function.
What I like the best about this set is how easy it is to take them off the ring (or put them back).
I prefer to have the Tbl and tsp freestanding, and with this set it's easy.
I also appreciate having the 1/2 Tbl and 1/8 tsp sizes, which many sets leave out.
What I like the least about the set, surprisingly, is the color.
But the writing is raised, so I don't expect it to be a problem.
This are so nice and heavy you can just tell they will last.
For the price you cant beat the quality.
I am a fan of Oxo good grips products, and these are no exception.
I have a very nice set of stainless measuring spoons that I adore, but had gotten to the point where I wanted a second set.
I do actually like the "good grip" on these.
Who would think you'd care for measuring spoons! But they're flexible in a pleasant way, and I do appreciate this about them.3.
Six sizes, not just four: 1 T, 1/2 T, 1 tsp, 1/2 tsp, 1/4 tsp, and 1/8 tsp.Indifferents:1.
I really love love love my stainless, but these are quite good.
Excellent product! I loved it! I can measure exactly all the ingredients and it's perfect to help me count my calories.
I knew OXO was a good brand and I liked the black color so I bought these spoons and they are just what I needed.
I like that it comes with 1/2 T (which is 1.5 tsp so you don't have to use 2 spoons for that).
I don't keep mine on the ring but it is very easy to snap them off and on.
Oxo usually makes quality products, but these measuring spoons are even a cut above expectations.
The handle is open so the spoons can be detached and reattached to an oval ring, for use of use and storage.
The measurements are clearly marked on the handle in a contrasting color, too.
My sister asked for black measuring spoons and cups for Christmas.
Oxo is a safe bet for reasonable products at fair prices and these spoons are no exception.
There are six spoons in the set with all the sizes you could want.
They are quite sturdy and will likely last a long time, though the thick plastic construction keeps the spoons from nesting.
This makes them take up more space in the kitchen drawer.
Because of their large size, they can be difficult to fit through small openings.
Mine were battered; half of them were missing...all the things that happen to a kitchen product that's been used for over 2? years.
The 1/8 teaspoon is more useful since baking recipes I make do use that measure for salt and leaveners.
i pick a size, massage the handle ever so gently.
i dip it in the jar lightly shaking off any excess.
quit sending me requests for reviews of benign products lol).
Great to have for any kitchen because they come in handy for many applications.
I have had my set for probably a few years now, and they look as good as the day I bought them.
That being said, I honestly haven't used them very much, and when I did, I didn't wash them in the dishwasher.
I think this is a good set and the ring is easy to open if you just want to use one spoon.
I like these spoons for they are easy to read, light and easy to hang up.
I am quite pleased with the six sizes.
I like the oval shape since it fits better in some containers than a round shape.
Each spoon is sturdy in your hand so spillage isn't a problem and each size is labeled clearly.
Above all, I love the hook size at the top of each spoon.
Most spoon sets have small openings so that it's hard to hang them on a rack.
They have easy grip handles made out of rubber.
The numbers, although I have washed them numerous times in the dishwasher since I bought them, still have not rubbed off.
I also like that they include 6 different sizes as opposed to the steel ones that only have four sizes.
Like the way they detach from the ring.
The 1/8 is great! The shape is very handy for going into containers.
I chose to review this for Amazon because I needed a new set of measuring spoons.
the most convenient sizes.the arms of the spoons are very hefty but mildly flexible and thick for easy griping.
The spoons bowl is stiff to make sure your measurement is true and it is slick so the food being measured slides out easily.
I have arthritis in my hands and find these are quite comfortable to use.
They are also easy to clean.All in all, a good set of measuring spoons at a very affordable price.
I gave these as a gift since I had purchased my own set.
I think this is another great Oxo product.
Serves the purpose, is attractive, and I like the markings on each spoon.
so we were due for some new ones.
The sizes are inbedded in the rubber handles.
I think these will last for a long time with no issues.
I like that they all come off the ring easily too.
I just used these today but others in my family have also used them and we run them in the dishwasher.
These are very nice for folks who have trouble gripping slick surfaces.
The rubber grip on them helps but is not clumsy.
Easy to read sizes but wish the size was more prominent in each spoon.
This set is the perfect one for baking! I would definitely recommend this set!.
So I had purchased the older version of these from another retailer, and the measurements wore off.
I called OXO customer service (since all of their packages say satisfaction guaranteed) and they were sooo nice and so helpful.
They sent me these measuring cups and the measuring spoon replacements no question asked.
I love all Oxo products and even more so since the experience with their customer service.
We have our dogs on a diet and i needed a nice quarter cup measuring cup for the wet food.
The whole set is very nice and the rubber grips on handles is a great touch.
i do a lot of baking, and i love this product.
they scoop, which makes it nice when you're getting something from a canister or straight from the bag.
it's nice having the 2/3 and 3/4 measuring cups as well.
i would buy these again and recommend them.
I purchased this set of measuring cups after I accidentally threw away a 1/2 C measure from a separate stainless steel set.
Even if that were to happen, the measurement markings are slightly raised and stamped ONTO the handles, and would be readable without the colored paint.
The 3/4 C measure is great, and eliminates a lot of unnecessary measuring compared to a 1/4 C measure.
The way they are shaped make it easy for me to pour as well as scoop up.
The fact that they sort of clip onto a ring makes them extremely convenient and easy to remove and use.
I have only had these for a little while but I love them.
I have had no problems getting ingredients out and I have been hand washing and have had no problems with the numbers.
They are sturdy and they include the extra sizes which is very helpful!.
I liked these OXO measuring cups a lot, but there were some features that I didn't care for.
The pluses: I liked the fact that there  was a 2/3 cup measurement.
I also thought that the non-slip grip on the handle was a real improvement over other measuring cups.
However, I disliked and later removed the plastic band that held all the cups together.
Scooping ingredients out is so much easier with the angled design, and they clean easily as well.
The hook on ring makes for convenient storage by keeping the cups together and allowing them to hang from a wall hook.
Somehow misplaced the Cup measurer from our old set so was in the market for a new one.
This one is great, I really enjoy the 2/3c and 3/4c options.
Durable enough, I can even throw them in the dishwasher without fear of fading colors or melting.
Good set, and I haven't come across any major negative aspects.
I have big hands, and they are easy for me to use, which is one reason I chose them.
If I had it to do over again, I'd buy them again.
I love that there is a 3/4 and 2/3 size.
It is awkward to use them all hooked together so I store them without the ring.
These are sturdy, raised measuring sizes, rubber coated handles so they aren't slippery and you can put them in the dishwasher.
I had been looking for a long time and I am delighted with the set.
Most measuring cups do not come with that size.
The measurement markings are very clear to see.
We bought these to have extra measuring cups at home.
They are very nice and I love the grips that are on them.
They do their job and we haven't had any issues with them breaking.
The OXO Good Grips 6-Piece Measuring Cup Set comes with all of the measuring cups hooked together.
They are easily separated, but I've decided to just let mine rest inside each other without the hook.
If I were going to hang them, of course, I would need the hook.I love the shape and weight.
Even though they are plastic, they do not hold grease and oil like some other plastics can.
The shape is perfect and they are well-balanced.
I like having a measure for 3/4 cup, too.
It's better than having to measure 1/4 cup three times, or having to use the half and the quarter measure.Get rid of the ring.
These measuring cups have an easy pour side, are dishwasher safe, can be hung from the right or stored together.
They survived the top rack dishwasher and even once being accidentally put in the cutlery basket.
PLUS it came with a 2/3c.and a 1/4c.
you gotta have them! this and the spoon set, they are fantastic!! easy to clean, use and store, you will love them.
I gave these as a gift with the measuring spoons.
These are so nice and durable and easy to read.
They would make a great bridal shower or housewarming gift.
I bake frequently so when my old measuring cups broke it was time to buy some new ones these are perfect for all measuring needs.
I'm used to using measuring implements with a bit of weight.
Metal, with more metal, held together by metal.
These guys are plastic, and chunky as heck.
The shape of the measuring cups is such that the flour tends to not stick to the corners of the bottom.
Because it's raised, it's going to be exposed to the elements more than it would if it were sunken into the handle.
That being said, because it is raised, there is no pocket for flour to collect in.
VERY handy, so that you don't need to repeatedly do 3 separate 1/4 cup measurements if you want 3/4 of a cup of something.
The loop that they attach to can easily be snapped on or off.
I don't like the cups lassoed together while I bake.
I prefer to unhook them, do my measuring, wash them off, then put them back on the ring for storage.
I bought these as a gift for my in-laws to replace a miss-matched set of measuring cups.
I was surprised by the weight of the plastic after opening them.
Even knowing the major complaint of the numbers washing off.Well, they've been good measuring cups, and the numbers have indeed worn off.
Makes for easier pouring, and easier scooping out of containers.- Now clip onto ring.
Before there was a ring that you had to pull apart, which means you had to thread them on.
These cups have cut outs allowing you to easily snap them on/off the ring.
Before we just threw the ring out since it was a huge pain.
These measuring cups are very sturdy and they look good.
Way nice than the dollar store ones they replaced.
They nest nicely in the drawer and feel good in the hand.
Would buy again in a heartbeat.Well done, Oxo!.
These measuring cups are great because they are elongated and fit more easily into a cannister or container.
Also, if you need to measure 3/8 C, you can do that using the 3/4 cup's 1/2 mark.
I love all the unique sizes that these have.
They are holing up great after 5 months.
Now wear on where the measurements are written and they are raised anyway (so even if they do then you could still see them).
They also have a scoop shape for easy use.
Not sure why they are made so you can pour things out of them as they should be used for dry ingredients only.
I am a guy but I make the World's best chocolate chip cookies.
It is hard to find a 3/4 cup though.
They only had one and had to go to the back to find it.
Well, maybe that is just the spoons but you get my point.
I have searched for over a year for just the right 1/3 cup.
I bake frequently and many recipes call for 1/3 cup of whatever.
I have several OXO  kitchen items and love them all.
THANKS OXO AND AMAZON !!!  You both rock !!!!.
I was pretty worried about buying them at first because you never no for sure if the cups you have are accurate.
They work fine and even though there plastic there not flimsy.
I love the size, it's not the typical 4 size cups, and there are 6 different sizes and an egg separator.
And after cooks gave a good recommendation on these measuring cups I was really satisfied with purchasing them.
This one has all the in between measurements and clip on and off the ring easily.
I hang them on the side of my butcher block and they are very convenient.
I'm a scientist, so the first thing I did was to test the accuracy of these cups.
I placed them on a scale and weighed how much water each one held (1 gram of water = 1 milliliter).
I'm happy to report that all of the cups held pretty close to what is stated.
Unless I'm baking, in which case, a gram scale is really the only way to go.
It is next to impossible to find fault with almost anything that OXO makes.
Sometime ago I bought a set of OXO measuring cups and have been delighted with them.
I did not think that OXO could do better and I am pleasantly surprised about the new set.
It has 5 cups and a holder unlike 4 cups and no holder from the first set.
The handles are perfect for my hands and the softness of them assures me that holding the cups will not result in spilled goods.
The reason is that these are oval and not round.
Oval cups provide me with better handling and sometimes that is critical.
The walls are about the same but the news ones are a tad bigger.
I washed them in the dishwasher and that worked well with no issues.
I like the holder and the way it keeps the cups together.
All together this is a well made and useful set of measuring cups that is useful in almost any kitchen or garage.
They are slighted slanted to allow easy access to dipping out of sugar and flour bowls.
They are the exact measurement allowing for taking a butter knife and leveling off the top of cup.
They have the measurement printed for life in red on each measuring cup.
They are just perfect and can easily be taken off the ring for separation.I highly recommend these quality well made measuring cups.
I had two sets of measuring cups:  1 plastic and 1 metal.
The handles are comfortable to hold and I have faith these will last me a long time!.
By request I received this set of "Oxo Good Grips Soft Measuring Cups, Set of 7, Black" as a recent gift.
The point is to replace three sets of measuring cups already on hand with one cup missing from each set.
What I love about this set is the inclusion of other fractional measures.
In fact, I didn't know there were white Oxo cups until I was looking for the product to write a review.
All my appliance and kitchen do-dads are white.
However, I'll make do--the black measuring cups are quite handsome.
I USE THESE CUPS ON A DAILY BASIS AND THEY ARE WELL MADE.
OXO IS A WONDERFUL BRAND NAME PRODUCT, WELL MADE AND WORTH THE MONEY.
THIS IS AN A+ SELLER AND PRODUCT.THANK YOUSINCERELYJODI.
Scooping dry ingredients is pretty easy with the angled front lip and overall I'm satisfied.
They even have a 2/3 and a 3/4 cup (never heard of that before).
This set has a 1/3 cup and a 3/4 cup measure which my other sets lacked.
Although a kitchen veteran, I'm relatively new to baking.
And that's what Oxo has created here.Before, I've had scoop sets but they were round or cylindrical.
For style and precision, they're a Porsche 911 to the dollar store's Yugos.
I like the design of these measuring cups, which stack together well for storage.
This 6 piece set of measuring cups comes in handy in the kitchen.
When baking and you need to get the measurements correct these cups are what you need.
They nest together and snap onto the retaining ring.
We really like these measuring cups because they include a 3/4 cup measure.
Most sets do not so you must use the 1/4 and 1/2 cups to get 3/4.
I like the highly visible outside markings the best.
There are lines for lesser measurements inside each cup also, adding even more flexibility of use to EACH piece of this set.
All of the cups sit in a neat stack and snap snugly onto the ring to keep them together more securely if needed.
I do think the set is bulkier compared to the old Tupperware design, but this set really &#34;measures up&#34;  LOL!.
These are very easy to use and high quality measuring cups.
These cups are great ergonomically and are light to hold.
They are dishwasher-safe but I always hand wash them as it takes 3 seconds.
I have had this set for a number of years now and they are my "go to" measuring cups everytime I cook.
What I love about them is the addition of the 2/3 and 3/4 cup measures.
You'd be surprised how often that is what a recipe calls for!  For dry measurements like flour, I often only need to rinse them clean.
This set of measuring cups is a cut above most collections, because it includes 1/3 and 2/3 measures, too.
The amounts are clearly marked in a contrasting color on the handle.
The cups are attached to an oval ring by open hooks that are easy to detach and reattach after use.
This is a nice set of measuring cups, with comfortable handles and convenient, in-between sizes.
The one caveat is that the most-used ones, you will eventually have the number wear off.
Well worth the money, and perhaps nail polish could replace the markings that wear off?.
I purchased these because they were an inexpensive.
They continue to be inexpensive and quite serviceable in regular use.I agree that the numbers do come off after a bit (18mo maybe).
I've had no problem telling them apart without labels.They come with lots of different sized cups; however, I take a different view of this.
I have a small kitchen and enjoy getting the most out of the least.
Thus I've kept only 2 of the 7 cups (1/3 and 1/2) in my kitchen.
I've had no ill effects from this choice.
I view this as evidence that all other cups are unnecessary.
It is not as easy to half the volume of an irregular shape as a regular shape.
This makes it "harder" to do without the other cups.
That said the longer skinner shape is good for getting down into storage containers and getting out things like brown sugar.Bottom Line: Recommended.
This drawer appears to be a pretty standard pre-fab cabinet depth, so I suspect many people would discover the same.
Having to keep it one drawer below is no huge deal, but ideally, they'd be right there with my other primary kitchen tools.
So, maybe this time around I won't be hunting for my lost measuring cups since they're easier to take apart and put back together.
But I really like the nesting ability of the cups.
It's handy to have the "odd" measurements.Since I had wash my dishes, I cannot tell you how they fare in the dishwasher.
What I can tell you is that they are a decent value for the purchase price.
I have no issues with them, and don't anticipate them.
My sister asked for black measuring spoons and cups for Christmas.
I use the 3/4 measure for my cereal portions.
Oxo is a safe choice for good products at reasonable prices and that's true of these cups.
There are six in the set so pretty much all of the sizes you might need are covered.
The shape is elongated instead of round, so they may be an easier fit into some canisters than round measures.
They are also a little bit bulky compared to metal measuring cups.
That's why I am only giving them four stars.
I finally had to capitulate and buy new measuring cups and these are great.
When I got mine, I placed one of them in the top rack of my dishwasher where it has remained since.
I run my dishwasher every night, "light" wash (1 pre-rinse with no soap, wash cycle, and several rinse cycles), Cascade Gel dishwasher soap, non-heated drying.
After six weeks of this treatment, the markings show no sign of wear whatsoever.
The part number on the set I received is 76181.In all other respects, the cups are excellent.
They are sturdy and made of the same easy-to-grip black rubber material that OXO uses in many of their products.
The cups are scoop shaped rather than round to make inserting them into bags, boxes and canisters a little easier.
This item fits nicely in a drawer& can be stored together with the binding ring.
Very durable & accurate.These really do make things a bit easier when you need to measure something.
Oxo does make pretty well made products & this item fits in with the other products that they offer.
These are very good quality cups and I would buy them again if I ever had the need.
The numbers are still all there after 2 years of use.
I've even had them fall to the very bottom of my dishwasher during the cycle and still the numbers are firmly attached.
The ingredients have always come out just fine for me.
Most importantly I love the variety of sizes included.
In fact I am planning on getting a second set to help on those days that I do a lot of baking at once.
I even went out and bought the matching measuring spoons.
Like the way this is made so they seem to pour out better.
The older ones didn't have that and were a mess when using with liquid.
These are much much easier to work with.
I'm glad they included several sizes in the set, since they are very useful for baking.
I haven't had any problems with the numbers rubbing off from washing them in the dishwasher, but I'll update if that does happen.
My old set had that feature, and I found it to be really handy.The inside is very smooth, so they wash up like a dream.
As plastic measuring cups go, these are attractive and easy to use.
The Oxo is more sturdy than most others.
The edge is angled, allowing for better compaction when scooping the ingredients.
Most others will perform the same function with different price points based on the materials used and the manufacturer.Overall, I would recommend these measuring cups.
A less expensive set would also work fine, but Oxo does deliver additional functionality and style.
I have have had several sets of measuring cups, both metal and plastic, including those famous home party brands.
They all do the job, I guess, but they all pale next to Oxo.
All of the cups sit firmly, without being the least bit "tippy" both when empty, or when filled with dry ingredients.
These cups are the best designed measures that I have ever used, and they are taking front and center in my baking cabinet.
We have used these for several months now and are completely satisfied.
Each cup easily detaches from the ring that holds the set together for individual use (and also easily reattaches after use and washing).
The handles are soft, and easy to maintain a good grip.
They are also sturdy, and do not flex or sag when filled with ingredients.
They are more oval than round, and this makes it easier to scoop into dry ingredients.
All the cup measurements appear to be accurate, though we have not tested this.
We have not had any problem with the measurement markings wearing off, even in the dishwasher, unlike apparently some others have.
just what we were looking for!  they're not pampered chef or pottery barn showy, but they're heavy and durable.
They stack perfectly, and the shape of them makes them exceptionally easy to use and level.
They also wash well by hand or dishwasher.
The measuring cup are no different than any other set except OXO has added some features to make them better.
I have been looking for a measuring cup set that had the 3/4 cup measure and this set had it.
They are actually a very good set, easy to read the size and they work well for scooping.
These spoons are easy to hold and use.
The measurements printed on them are easy to read and hold up in the dishwasher on the top rack.
I really like the rubber handles and the fact that they are stainless steel.
I keep them in my knife bag without worrying about damage.
This set was on my daughter's Christmas list, so, I ordered through Amazon.
They are great quality, and, clean up easy.
I bought these because they are made of metal - I was tired of my plastic measuring spoons flying around in the dishwasher.
I really like them and they complete my set of stainless measuring cups.
I do a lot of baking and decided to finally buy some decent measuring spoons.
These are not only gorgeous to look at, but they are easy to keep track of with the snap on/off feature of the ring.
They was in the dishwasher and come out looking like they did before they were used.
I also LOVE the fact that the measurement markings on them are large enough to see easily.
I see these being a part of my kitchen for many years.
These stainless steel measuring spoons beat plastic ones down to the ground.
Metal measuring spoons are nice to have because you can use them in situations that can't be done with plastic.
For example, I make a rice and noodle dish that uses refrigerated chicken stock paste.
OXO does nice kitchen tools, I also have their Y peeler, swivel peeler, apple corer, and so on.
As with every OXO product I have purchased, these measuring spoons are excellent.
Like the comfortable handles and the easy to read measurement marking on the handles, as well.
Normally, I HATE measuring utensils on key rings.
It's usually such a pain to get them off so I can use the one I want, and I end up throwing the keyring away.
The handles are easy to hang on to, and don't get knocked around the countertop if you accidentally bump them since the handle is grippy.
I've read another user's review about how the lettering came off.
There are lots of measuring tools out there, but the way that these are  Brightly labeled, and attached to the ring make them very superior.
I read how they bent and weren't very strong but figured I don't use these things for scooping ice cream or some other abuse.
I do use the table spoon to measure out drops of cookie dough and there was no bending involved.
Much better than my old ones of another maker that did bend.
Love these!! Well made and easy to read.
I'm vision impaired so a plus for me :) very sturdy, wash nice and easy to take apart and put back together.
No more loose  ones in drawer you can never find! Great price too.
Oxo quality has created another welcome addition to our cooking and baking equipment collection.
nice looking goes very well with stainless steel appliances.
What you see in the picture is what you get.
I don't put them through the dishwasher, so I'm not sure how the rubber handle coating would hold up.
They're made of stainless steel and of good quality.
Every baker needs a set of measuring spoons.
the oxo good grips measuring spoons, stainless steel was a good buy for me.
the measuring is easy as well a ease of washing.
i would recommend this product to anyone, especially people with arthritis, due to ease of use.
I do not think that will be the case here where the numbers are a very hard plastic embedded in the soft grippy rubber handle.
These are wonderful! I use them all the time.
My only complaint is that they fall off the ring too easily.
it would be better if the ring opened and closed that way I would not have to look for them in the drawer.
But I eventually discovered that those new spoons WERE NOT ACCURATE! Made in China, of course.
These OXO spoons are accurate, and I've bought a bunch of them, even given them as gifts.
These measuring spoons are very well made and appear as though they will last.
I detest plastic measuring spoons and stainless always ensures that they will clean well with no residue or dullness.
The handles feel good and seem to be holding up well in cleaning.Beyond that, what else can you say about measuring spoons?.
All around great, even my husband commented he like them.
Stylish looking, easy to store - they hang;  plus they FEEL good in your hand.
Rubber grips make them super easy to use.
These look nice and have wonderful silicone handles.
Why do I have to have so many words?  Silly.
All of the measuring spoon sizes are rightbhere at yor fingertips.
This is one of the best purchases I've made through amazon.
I have several Oxo Good Grips products; this is my favorite by far.
The construction is solid and feels good in my hands, unlike the flimsy measuring spoons I've been using for years.
The labelling is superb and colorful and the ring holding them together allows for maximum movement when measuring contents for recipes.
Spend the bucks and get an excellent set of measuring spoons; you'll be glad you did.
They are very durable and will not bend.
The design for getting on and off the ring is the best I've used.
They stay on but come off easily when you want them to.
Dishwasher safe and a design that won't deteriorate.
These are the only measuring spoons I want to use now.
I would give these as a gift without hesitation.
Oxo remains one of just a few brands to which I'm still loyal.
According to Amazon's "Instant Order Update," I last purchased this item September 30,2004.
When you order, put four Oxo items in your cart to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promo and save even more money :).
These spoons are a great quality and work as advertized.
Easy to clean and seem that they will last a lifetime.
My plastic measuring cups and spoons were getting pretty shotty.
I love OXO products, so I decided to buy these as replacements.
They are WONDERFUL! Stainless steel, durable, stylish, easy to clean, and easy to keep track of.I also purchased the set of measuring cups like these.
I love the black grip of each spoon as it makes it easier to manage when using them.
As I get older I notice my eyes getting worse.
The spoon part is actually metal which is nice and seems to measure more accurately.
My only complaint is the set does not include 1/2 TBSP and 1/8 TSP.
Overall, I like theses spoons a lot, they have a good feel to them and are a lot bette than plastic ones.
I wish it had come with a 1/2 tablespoon but it still gets the job done.
For years I have used plastic measuring spoon, but I have been attempting to eliminate plastic from my kitchen altogether.
Plastic measuring spoons can stain, but the stainless steel measuring spoons by OXO are easy to clean, comfortable, and durable.
I love the metal ring that hold the spoons neatly on the inside of my storage cabinet.
Yes, an extra measuring spoon would be nice for the in between size, but overall I am very pleased with the purchase.
Nice measuring spoons! I like the grip handles on them and they work nicely for baking.
I just throw them in the dishwasher and they do not rust.
The handle is great, they come of the clip easily and oil does not stick to them like the plastic spoons.
Love these things!  They look very nice and are easy to read!Not much more to say.
A little pricey, but very comfy to hold on to, and they look very classy.
These measuring spoons look so damn good you will want to put them out on display not in some drawer.
the rubber grips are a nice touch, as is the slotted handles for removing and replacing the spoons on the storage clip.
It would be nice to have a few more sizes included other than the 1 tablespoon , 1 teaspoon , 1/2 teaspoon, and 1/4 teaspoon.
The spoons are sturdy and will last much longer than the ones on a spiral wire that comes apart.
OXO tends to put out good products and this is another example.
The spoons have a flat profile so when they are stacked up, they take up very little drawer space.
The bowl of the spoons have no texture, so ingredients come out easily, even the sticky ones.
I've tossed these around quite a bit and they haven't scratched up yet.
I have lots of measuring spoons, but these have been my favorite.
I just like the stainless look and I like the shape and feel of these best.
I have had these measuring spoons for two years and I love them; they are my "go to" spoons.
As far as I can tell, they are accurate.
They are easy to use and the rubberized grip is definitely nice to have.
I've ran them through the dishwasher dozens of times and the labels with the measurement markings are still clear.
These measuring spoons are perfect; Their accurate and I like how you can slip them on and off the ring easily.
The handles are just like all Oxo good grips handles their soft and give these small spoons some heft making them easier to hold.
One reviewer mentioned that the measuring marks [1 tbs, ect] wears off.
I think that may be because they used the dishwasher to clean them.
I have recently replaced everything in my kitchen with stainless steel mostly Oxo products and these spoons match everything else.
This is a really nice set of measuring spoons.
They are aesthetically pleasing, well-made, and ergonomically sound.
They have been through my dishwasher about ten times already, and there are no signs of wear as of yet.
Also, it would be nice if they expanded the set to at least include 1/8 teaspoon and 1/2 tablespoon.
Overall, a very good set of spoons, and another quality OXO product.
Like the fact they have metal spoon head and handle is the rubber OXO good grips material.
Wash up well and thrown in the dishwasher didn't cause an issue.
Works well, keeps things moving smoothly, and helps to keep clean up faster.
I like metal products in my kitchen, so these measuring spoons are a very sanitary way of measuring your ingredients.
These are the nicest measuring spoons I've ever had, highly recommend, excellent quality, I am going to purchase the measuring cups next.
They have easy grip handles made out of rubber.
The numbers, although I have washed them numerous times in the dishwasher since I bought them, still have not rubbed off.
The only downfall for these is there are only four included.
I have had many sets of measuring spoons, and by far, these are the best yet.
They didn't cost a fortune, and I feel that I'm actually using "Tools of the Trade." I can't say enough good things about them.
Their very strong, do not bend at all, and clean up much easier than I thought they would.
The days of thin, cheap, stainless are over.
I will buy stronger tools from now on, I am that impressed with them.
Last, The name Good Grip really says it all.
They never slide in my hands, and are comfortable to use.
I bought these to replace my stainless steel spoons that were mangled by the garbage disposal.
They are not as sturdy as my previous set but are a nice addition to my kitchen essentials.
I'd give these little things an extra star if they were a bit thicker and more sturdy.
As it is, they've survived through sink disposal trips, dishwashers, being dropped, bent, and otherwise abused.
But the thing is, I don't think they SHOULD bend.
I found a really nice, heavy set of metal measuring spoons at Sur La Table that I like a little bit better.
Though those don't have the nice grips that these ones do.
However, the nicks in the metal can be cleaned up pretty easily with a scouring pad!.
I keep several sets of these little guys for those times when I am really cooking it up and have several recipes going at once.
I can through it in the dishwasher and it comes out great.
I actually found the keyring to be perfect, it keeps them together without making it really hard to detach if you need to.
I suppose a caribiner-style clip would make it better, but I had no issues.
They are well balanced and I think the only drawback is that the metal is a bit thin, so they can bend.
If it were maybe half-again as thick or of a harder steel, it probably wouldn't be an issue.
4 Stars because I don't think they should bend at all at this price.
My wife and I cook a lot and use these constantly.
My only compaint is that there isn't a 1/2 Tbls.
I had to pull out another set to get that measurement.
Saw there was a lot of negative reviews for these things.
Not sure if they changed the model or what, but I think they're just fine.
Bending seems to be the biggest issue, but mine haven't bent yet and seem sturdy enough to last for quite some time.
OXO has never disappointed me, and these measuring cups are no exception!.
I was hoping to carry these in my knife bag...unfortunately the 1 cup is too large.
I keep them at home, they are rather durable and the rubber handles are a bit more comfy than straight stainless.
Living up to the brand name of OXO these are one nice set of measuring cups.
I really don't know how they will not last forever.
They are stainless steel with an attaching ring where the cups could be removed if so desired.
If not, that ring serves to keep all of the cups in one place and together.
There is a hard rubber edging to each of the cups so that they will stay nice and not bend.
Wish you all could see for yourself how truly nice these are.
This is a nice set...I like that they're stainless steel, but given that they're metal I didn't expect that they'd be so easily bent.
Without much force at all they do give.
It's not a huge problem for me since I'll only use them once in a blue moon for baking.
Theres just a little notch and you can pull it off.
The rubber grip handles are great and I like the colored markings, much easier to spot then if it were etched into the metal.
On the whole it's a perfectly good set of measuring cups.
The OXO Good Grips are generally great kitchen tools, well made and long lasting.
I try to bend them and can barely do so, which leads me to believe they've made that portion much stronger and thicker.
The grips do not come off at all, so any past complaints about that feature have been resolved in this new design as well.
I like how these are bent at the tip and form a nice spout to pour from.
The brushed stainless is nice looking and easy to clean.CONS:The clip which keeps these together has a small opening to remove cups separately.
Now I can just dip the cup in or fill it and I'm good to go!  Great product with one minor caveat.
Love the rubberized handle that are easy to grip even if your hands are slippery.
They have a nice weight to them, so I never worry about them getting bent or dinged when they get tossed in a drawer.
Best set of measuring cups I've ever owned.
I love the rubber grips on the ends and the grips are the perfect added accents to these cups.
You will love them for your kitchen or buy them as a gift for your family or friends because they will love them too.
OXO is a New York City based manufacturer of quality housewares.
The company was created by Sam Faber to market ergonometrically-designed product.
OXO products can easily be recognized by their comfortable handles and quality of manufacturer.These stainless steel measuring cups are definitely in the OXO tradition.
They work wonderfully, and I have no problem keeping hold of the rubberized grips.
When measuring something hot, I had no trouble with the handles becoming too warm, which was very nice.
Also, they seem to stand up to the action of my dishwasher very well.
I think that they are great!(Review of OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design).
Yes, as pointed out by previous reviewer, this item has been revised.
Now a very thicksubstantial stainless steel, I use one to heat butter on the stove.
You could almostuse this as a tiny cooking pot.
After reading many of the reviews about these cups I was unsure about ordering them, but decided to give them a try.
The ring they are on keeps them in place, and it is easy to snap off individual cups as needed.
They are also heavy duty, and when they re-designed these they did an excellent job.
I do a lot of baking and decided to finally buy some decent measuring cups.
These are not only gorgeous to look at, but they are easy to keep track of with the snap on/off feature of the ring.
They was in the dishwasher and come out looking like they did before they were used.
I also LOVE the fact that the measurement markings on them are large enough to see easily.
I see these being a part of my kitchen for many years.
I bought these with the measuring spoons and love them both.
I love everything OXO and these cups are no exception.
The stainless steel with black grip not only looks sharp, but the stainless keeps the cups from staining.
The angled design of the cups helps them stack nicely and store easily.
This one doesn't disappoint.I like the scoop shape more than the common round.
The size is on the handle and easily readable.Only thing not super is they're a tad hard to get off of the hook/loop.
I like the Good Grips range,  and own quite a bit of them.
They are clearly marked,  easy to wash, there is no plastic to flake off.
I think we will be using them for a long time.
I hate this, as it makes it very hard to "guesstimate" fractional quantities.
The tapered sides are a problem for me, but I like the robustness and comfortable grips.
The metal construction is nice for quick heating of ingredients.Many of the earlier reviews mention the handles bending under load.
I believe these have been redesigned, because the handles seem very resistant to flexing or bending.
I ordered these because we have some of the thinner metal measuring cups.
They tend to bend and loose their shape over time.
These are so sturdy, yet still aesthetically appealing.
The stainless is good quality, the cups for the most part balance well.
Liquids in the 1/4 and 1/3 could easily spill, but most small sizes do.
The lettering will fade in time, but it's pretty easy to tell which size is which.
Overall a very nice product, a little more tinkering and they would be perfect.
This set of four measuring cups is constructed to last a lifetime, in my opinion.
They are really a great kitchen utensil.I love OXO products and especially these measuring spoons.You can also hang them for easy access.Highly recommended!.
I am very pleased with these stainless steel measuring cups.
Tapered, they feature  rubber handles with color coded measurement markings stamped in.
The brightly colored markings are easy to read and are permanent.
The handles are short but sturdy and I have experienced none of the bending complained about in the earlier version.
The rubber does provide a good grip, especially when your hands are wet or greasy.
The set contains four cups in the standard 1/4 cup, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup sizes.
Diswasher safe, they easily snap on and off the plastic ring which makes them convenient to hang.
I like the look and feel of these cups and so far they have not faded, pitted or discolored.
I wish the set included more sizes but for an attractive starter set, they measure up.
I did not find any negatives for this product.
Please check the review date on some of the less favorable reviews.
- as the 2-and-1/4 inch rubber handles do not bend on the 2013 model.
I even checked the volume of the individual cups and they are right on.
This review is for the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups Stainless Steel, Updated Design version.
4.75 out of 5.I this updated design, the handles are not bendy.
The metal of the cup extends into the handle to the point of the opening for the ring.
There are four cups on a hard plastic ring.
The handles are made of a good grip rubber, with the measuring size painted onto the handle.
Sometimes you get products with a strong rubber smell.
The paint is raised a slight bit, meaning it's a thick layer of paint, so it will last wash after wash.
The metal for the cups is of medium thickness.
The front of the cups (opposite the handle) is angled for easy pouring.
There is no spout, but the angled front helps the liquid pour without running down the sides.
These are great cups for warm liquids/ingredients, and they will definitely last.
The opening at the end of the cups does get in the way when I'm grabbing the cups.
I almost decided to pass after reading about the flimsy handles.
OXO makers appear to have taken customers complaints into consideration and have corrected previous design flaws.The set I received do not have bendable handles.
The improved handles are metal dipped in silicone with the measurement size printed in a bright colour.
I tried to bend the handles and couldn't.
The cups are easy to hold and use.
They don't topple over when full as other measuring cups I've used have a tendency to do.
Moreover, they are attractive enough that I don't mind hanging them from a hook under a cabinet, where they are easily accessible at all times.
I really like the shape of these measuring cups.
You can scoop ingredients perfectly with this particular shape.
I like OXO products because of the rubber grips.
I did take them off the ring because it kind of makes they cumbersome to use.
A real nice surprise about the one cup measure.
I was having a dinner party the day after these arrived and the one cup measure scoops ice from the ice keeper I use.
It will scoop exactly what you need for a glass.
OXO makes great products and they seldom disappoint.
What I like most is that the numbers on each cup are in different colors and they're large enough to be easily read.
Stable and easy to use, really nice measuring cups.
I'm becoming a big fan of OXO products--they are all that good.
The Good Grips measuring cups are a nice heavy stainless steel design.
The slightly oblong shape makes it easy to dip in to sugar, flour, etc.
The handles feel sturdy, are rubberized and have a different color for each measurement.
The icing on the cake....they can go in the dishwasher! Wahoo!!!.
A number of reviewers have remarked that this product has "bendy handles." This is just not true.
Perhaps the company has modified the product since those reviews were written, but I can detect absolutely no problem with the handles now.
I doubt I could manufacture a situation in which these handles would fail.
This is thick heavy-duty stainless steel, and the steel part of the handle is stuck far into the surrounding black rubberized handle coating.
But again, I think the ends of my fingers would give out before even that part of the handle bent.
So this "bendy handles" issue is just all wrong.
You'll also appreciate that this coating makes the handles easy to grip even if your hands are covered with something slippery, like butter.
Naturally, I can work my way around these, but they would be handy and I'd pay an extra price to have that convenience.
I marked product down one point for that reason.Personally, I love the "rakish" look of these cups.
They're slanted outwards (perhaps better to balance the weight of the handle) but this gives them a very contemporary, stylish, and modern look.
The product is well balanced; it easily sits upright on the counter without tipping.Overall, I am extremely pleased with this product.
It is well built and I am sure it will last me a very long time.
I am a very big Oxo fan, and with good reason.
Their products tend to be of excellent quality, and usually are not expensive.
And they also listen to their customers.Case in point, these redesigned measuring cups.
The original design was OK but had issues, particularly the handle which was longer and could bend.
Previously the marking were in ink, like most measuring cups, and of course the ink rubs off over time.
The new markings are molded into plastic on the handle.The set includes 4 cups (1, , 1/3, and  cups).
While these cups cost more than your typical plastic measuring cups, they are very nice.
The handles are also metal, with a plastic covering on most of the handle.
Each handle is marked: 1 cup,  cup, 1/3 cup, and  cup.The handles of all four cups connect together with a plastic ring.
Unlike most cup sets, the cups can easily detach from the ring by snapping off and back on.
So nice that you could actually leave them out in a utensil set, etc.
More importantly, they handle very nicely, ingredients like flour, sugar, etc.
They are nice to use, balanced I suppose, and the rubber grip helps too.
The cups attach to a ring by way of a notch in the cup handles.
I don't keep the cups on the ring because to me it's a hassle wrenching them off to use them.
but I can see where having them on the ring would be handy for hanging if that is the method of storing.
So what is important when reviewing measuring cups.
These are very easy to handle with a grippy holding section.
Always felt secure no matter what I was pouring into them, even when using some liquids.
These are solid little measuring cups and seem like they should last years.
These are very easy to clean due to their design.
They stack into each other which is a no brainer for measuring cups.
Overall these measuring cups tick all the right boxes and are very reasonable priced.
Also I have a bunch of OXO products already.
These are nice sturdy measuring cups, and the company has clearly fixed the handle problem.
These measuring cups have sturdy handles with nice clear quantity markings on the handle.
These are definitely more attractive, and would probably be pleasing to those who care about style.
I am always a fan of OXO products--in fact, I already own a 6-piece set of their measuring cups in the old black design.
The stainless is ideal, yet the black rubberized handle not only looks good, but also is practical as well.
So instead, I have these cups nestled in my drawer.
measure, which I LOVED--I wish this set did as well!  For that reason, I rate this set 4 1/2 rather than a full 5 stars.
They are just as they were presented and came right away.
They are going to be part of a gift for a very special person.
It seems like I use a lot of measuring cups when I work in the kitchen, particularly for bread baking.
They easily just slip right off the ring and go right back on again with no problem.
Personally, I prefer to keep them off the ring.
They work well either way.I love the shape and convenience.
f you want measuring cups that are going to last for a very long time, these OXO measuring cups are for you.
The stamped measurements will last and won't disappear after numerous washings.
Looking over past reviews, it appears that there was a problem with bendable handles which OXO has since fixed.
These redesigned measuring cups don't have that problem.
I found the rubber handles easy to use - the cups are easy to grab and hold onto - even with wet hands.
In the past I've always gone for the cheapest set of measuring cups I could find.
Then I've watched over time as they've become stained, warped, and useless.
Sometimes, it's worth a little more to get the best, and these are the best.
They look great, they measure perfectly, they feel good in the hand when you hold them.
As usual OXO has set the bar high with their excellent looks and function.
These things are absolutely aesthetically beautiful and made out of wonderful material.
They do not scratch easily and do not get dirty easily, either.
When they do get dirty, they are a total breeze to clean.Very easy to store, too.
Designed beautifully -- inner curved sides make pouring/measuring much easier.
The cups are stainless steel and the handles are black rubber.
They nestle together and attach to a ring.
They can also be detached when being used.
The sizes are 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup and 1 cup.
My old set did have a 2/3 cup size, but I suppose just using the 1/3 cup twice is easy enough.
I just wanted to mention this incase it is a problem for someone else.
Otherwise, these are great measuring cups, that should be easy to use and clean.
I have been a cook since I was a young teen.
My first measuring cups were little multicolored plastic.
With the arrival of this set, I have now recycled that set of plastic cups.
They scoop out brown sugar like a hot knife through butter.
What do you say about measuring cups? LOL Each cup measures the right amount? Well they do.
;-) Other than that, these are attractive and overall, very sturdy.
Some reviewers report an issue with the handles bending with a heavy scoop, but I haven't run into that yet.
I don't know if I got mine from a better batch, or if I just hold them differently when scooping.
There is absolutely no question that they will NOT bend when holding a measurement of a liquid.
Individual cups for 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 full cup, which simplified the entire process.
It's not often that a recipe calls for the same measurement of different ingredients, so convenience was greatly enhanced.
These cups are made from a very solid and durable stainless steel, and they have OXO's non-slip rubberized grips, which are very comfortable and secure.
The measuring quantity is clearly marked on each handle in bright color.
OXO's slot method is far more handy and convenient.As always, OXO has taken a great idea and made it even better.
Well done, OXO!A solid five stars (I wish I could rate it even higher).
They are weighted perfectly and are easy to fill up without having to worry about tipping over.
They are tapered towards the front which makes emptying the contents easy once you get used to them (I.e.
They don't have spouts, but that doesn't seem to be a problem.
I bought these for my sister for Christmas as she loves to bake.
She complained that they tip over because of the weight and length of the handle, so she returned them for some others.
This OXO measuring cups are both stylish and useful.
In most every kitchen, a few basic essentials can be found and measuring devices are almost always among them.
The cups are made from steel so they are more durable than plastic and are made to last.
The handles are made with a rubberized coating so they do not slip out of the hands.
You don't need to eyeball things, like you do with a glass cup.
My kitchen is overloaded with stainless steel appliances, large and small, so these cups blend in nicely.
I also like the imprint, showing the individual sizes, because it is more likely to last longer than the markings on other cups.
But a set of individually- sized cups is still useful for it makes dry measurements faster and more convenient.
This set from Oxo is very nice, attractive, and useful and I recommend adding a set to your kitchen.
OXO thought of everything when it came to these measuring cups.
They work well with normal food use, and it is indeed easier to scoop up grains and flour with the tapered out lip.
I agree with some of the other reviewers that the handles might bend when scooping very heavy substances like brown sugar.
For most tasks, however, these measuring cups are fine.
I love the fact that they are dishwasher safe and that the labels are easy to read.
I am very happy with this set of measuring cups - they are a great addition to my kitchen.
I can't imagine the handle bending as others have mentioned.
I tried to bend the handle intentionally and it wouldn't budge.
The ring keeps them together in a cabinet or drawer, but the design allows you to easily snap off each cup to use separately.
Good thinking, OXO!  I'm still partial to my circa 1980 Tupperware set because it has 2/3 and 3/4 cup measures, which are very handy.
I deducted a star from these because the set includes only 4 measuring cups.
We don't own many stainless steel tools, but I am hoping these are good for the long haul.
The grips are always an appreciated feature of OXO utensils and these cups fit and stay in the hand well.
We haven't had any of the bending problems, or some of the other complaints some reviewers have had - time will tell for us.
I suspect we will be happy with these as we are happy with our other OXO kitchen items.Recommended.
OXO Good Grips Measuring cups are a nice quality, sturdy set of stainless steel cups.
The rubber handles make sense when you're dealing with sticky fingers.
I love the soft-grip comfort and design of these OXO Good Grips Measuring cups.
I also like that they are stainless steel and have a unique lip design (see image).
While the slim, stylized design looks good, it feels strange measuring with an oblong cup.
The shape lends itself to pouring out of the top lip vs.
I think it's just getting use to something new in the kitchen.
Now, the first thing I did was take the cups off the plastic oval clip-thing.
Its just to hold them together, so I tossed it.
I never put my measuring cups back together on the holders, I just stack them in the drawer.
Speaking of which, I have standard, contractor-grade drawers and these cups stack just to the edge of the drawer.
This means I have to be careful they are exactly stacked or they wouldn't fit.
The comfortable handles make for a bulky stack.
Overall, they are usable and a nice design for the modern kitchen.
The grip handles are also good for those with arthritis, grip issues, or someone who just likes a comfortable handle while cooking.
Not sure how they would fail functionally, unless they had holes in them.
Every Oxo product I have ever owned has been at least very good, and for the most part, excellent.
I was thrilled to get the chance to try out the updated design.
They have a very sleek look to them and work well.
Aside from the smoother shape, they have changed the O-Ring design that keeps the cups hooked together.
You no longer have to unhook the ring to place and remove the cups.
Yes, my friends, I've murdered plastic items many years along the way.
OXO has obviously heard of types like me.A great set, well built.And did I mention it also accurately measures your ingredients?.
These measuring cups go great with my stainless steel OXO measuring spoons.
There is a way to take them off of the ring, but they do not fall off easily.
I read some of the comments on how these had flimsy handles, but this is not the case for me.
I put these through the dishwasher and no damage was done to them.
I took off one star because for the price, I feel that they should have included an additional 1/8 cup.
If you are a fan of stainless steel and need some heavy duty measuring cups, get these.
This is a *nice* set of measuring cups.
They are sturdy, well made, and feel good in your hands.
I've used these measuring cups several times, and I'm satisfied with them.
They are sturdy, and the cup size-1, 1/2, 1/3, and 1/4 show up against the black rubber handles.
The numbers are in bold colors that stand out against the black and I'm hoping they don't fade over time.
The metal edges are great for leveling out ingredients.The cups clip to a ring to keep them together.
I made some chocolate chip cookies yesterday and used my new OXO measuring cups.
I had a set of their old ones and these ones are much improved.1.
These handles do not bend when scooping, whether it be flour or brown sugar.
I tried to bend by hand and wasn't able to do that either.
Kudos to OXO for this much needed improvement.2.
I don't find these "cups" tippy at all.
They are very secure sitting on the counter even with ingredients added.3.
That are smooth feeling and not rough brushed.
The edges of the cups are smooth and straight, not sharp.4.
The colored measurement numbers are actually embedded in the handles rather than just painted on and should last for the life of the cup IMO.5.
You have to twist and click to get the cups off of the connecting ring rather than just pulling straight out.
I know in our household the ring will probably disappear before too long.6.
The tops of the cups are straight across and it's easy to level dry ingredients with a knife.7.
I do wish there were 2/3 and 3/4 cup sizes.C.
I waited for some time to commit to a good metal set of measuring cups.
I had in my mind the perfect set but was not will to pay a bunch of money towards it.
Nice weight to the individual cups and they separate from the hanging hook easily for use.
I already had similar measuring cups but I figured I could always use more.
These are my favorites, my "go to" measuring cups.
They actually look larger than my other sets - but I checked and the measurements are correct.
I expect they will last a long time! They are a pleasure to use and come through the dishwasher well.
These are easily the best measuring cups I've ever owned.
At first, I was concerned that their shape would cause them to be unbalanced.
and when they're empty, they do tip over easily.
But as soon as they have something in them, they're quite balanced.
Some reviewers have mentioned that the handles bend too easily.
Yes, they are a bit bendy, but not to the point that would bother me--and certainly nothing like the cheap metal cups on the market.
The only thing I don't like about these cups is they don't nest very well.
The cups all fit inside one another, but the handles stick up.
The picture definitely doesn't accurately represent how they look when stacked together.
But overall, I really like these cups, and I definitely recommend them.
I say initial because I can possibly foresee the handles loosening and not staying clipped onto the ring.
I'll explain:These measuring cups have a kind of hook on the handle that is open.
This hook slips onto the included plastic ring.
The cups get wedged on and don't come off.
To pull one off, you just give it a nice tug or twist.
I have since replaced all of my measuring utensils with stainless steel or glass.
No more plastic.I will update the quality as I use them, but my initial impression is that they are very good and worth the price.
I'm at best a limited amateur in the kitchen, but one of my dad duties is to make pancakes on the weekend.
This is usually as advanced as I get to the point of using measuring tools in the kitchen.
In my defense, my pancakes are usually kid exciting having bluleberries, bananas, oatmeal, chocolate or a combination.
(i digress)In a bisquick world, measuring cups count.
They all work and work well - I've not pounded through measuring as hard as the pros that have left reviews about bendy handles.
in my careful use, the handles arent bent and they have an easy thick grip that is comfortable.
I imagine if you are an individual with arthritis or other disablility in gripping thin handles, these would be very excellent measuring cups.
Balance didnt seem to be affected when sitting onthe counter.
I love having stainless steel kitchen gadgets since they tend to last longer than plastic.
These cups are heavy duty and I haven't had any problem with them tipping over.
These are dishwasher safe but I wonder how long they will last due to the rubber handles.
If you want these to last a really long time, they can't go into the dishwasher.
Some reviewers complained about the flexibility of the handles but mine are stiffer.
These have since replaced my pamper chef sliding measuring cup and the old plastic ones my husband has been holding onto for years.
First, let me say that I HATE flimsy lightweight measuring cups!  These cups are very heavy, very stable.
and I can fill them or set them on the counter without worry about them flipping over if bumped.
I bake a lot and this is very important to me.
Also, the slant at the front makes them very easy to use and to empty with either dry or wet ingredients.
If I could give them 6 stars, I would!!!!.
I am a BIG lover of OXO grip products as I suffer with arthritis in my hands, but love to bake and cook.
They are heavy because of being stainless steel.
I LOVE that I can sit it down and it will STAY there as I put whatever into them.
I've been using some 10 year old Kitchen Aid plastic cups which partially melted in my dishwasher long ago - still functional, but barely.
These cups from OXO are like all of the other OXO products I own: Quality.
I know they're just measuring cups, but they're the best I've found so far.
OXO's updated stainless-steel measuring cups are a handy kitchen essential.
Overall, they held up well and the measurements were accurate, so I can recommend them.
Note that Amazon currently sells the updated version of this set, which means the handles flex but are durable and not saggy.
In either case, the edges are sharp enough to crack the shells efficiently.
I'm not sure if OXO has changed the design or not since all the negative reviews about the handles, but I love these measuring cups.
The handles are FIRM, not flimsy, and I like the shape as they are easy to pour.
I was replacing my plastic measuring cups every year for one reason or another...but I'm looking forward to having these OXO ones around for awhile.
Going to be looking for other OXO measuring products in the future.
(2-1/2 cup measurement means dirtying two cups)* Expensive- No microwave use~~~ Comments & questions welcome ~~~.
Stainless steel so you'll know these will last a long time.
I really enjoy the large numerical marking so you can see at ease which one you'll need.
These are all on a keyring, which sadly in itself is not stainless steel, but plastic.
Nonetheless, the cups can easily come off with the Teflon coating on the ring.
I like to keep them on so I wont lose them.
Makes a great gift for someone just moving in somewhere.
This is a nice set of OXO Good Grips measuring cups.
The cups have an updated design, which based on the oldest reviews, was definitely needed.
The stainless steel cups are fairly heavy and are slightly slanted on the outer edge, so they will not tip over even when empty.
The handles are sturdy, non-slip, and clearly marked with each measuring size.
This is a good quality set, which I would recommend for any kitchen.
This kind of item is what it is, and is fairly easy to judge.
A set of four cups from 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, to the one full cup range.
Accurate measurement is often the cornerstone of good cooking, so having accurate volumes is good.
The cups have a non-slip silicon handle, and are clearly labled to say what size each one is.
With these you fill completely and just scrape the excess flour, salt, etc off the top and you have a full measure.
I have a plastic double ended dipper that was graduated for use with salt, sugar, and yeast for use with a breadmaker.
Dry powders are the use they are designed for mainly.
In a pinch, you can use them to melt chocolate in a pan with some heated water, this works as a crude double boiler.
Something every kitchen needs, they go well with all the other bowls and utensils in the OXO line of kitchen goods.
These are the best made measuring cups I have ever seen.
Made of a thick grade stainess steel, the set inludes 1, 1/2, 1/3, and 1/4 cup measures.
It has an easy to remove clip that holds the set together when not in use.
The handles have the OXO easy grip coating and have a raised stamped numeric measure.
Easy to hold and clean, this is a well made set that will hold up well through repeated dishwasher washings.Overall, fantastic quality for the price.
They come with a strong oval ring that all four cups attach to by a notch in their handles.
The handles are covered in dense plaster to prevent the conduction of heat or cold and to help grip.
Each cup is clearly labeled with its measurement and is color coded in green, blue, red, or yellow to further distinguish them.
There are no nooks or crannies so clean up is easy.
The best thing about these cups is their indestructibility.
I got these to sort of replace another set of OXO Good Grips measuring cups, because they are plastic.
There's nothing wrong with that, but stainless steel is usually better than plastic for anything.
The only thing with these stainless steel cups is that they only have four cups.
I specifically bought my plastic set because it had six cups - 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 2/3, 3/4, 1 cup.
These are hard to find, as you may already know.
With my plastic set the cups have a raised line in the middle so you could use that same cup for a half-measurement.
Functionally, they are easy to use because the silicone handle cover does not interfere with using a straight edge to level off your ingredients.
However, I am always plastic-conscious and looking for alternatives.
They are very sturdy and the handles are easy to grip.
First, you only get four sizes of measuring cups, and it's always nice to buy a full set all at once instead of in parts.
The plastic set that I have stacks MUCH better and saves a lot more space.
I keep my measuring cups in a drawer and cannot stack all four of these OXO measuring cups- my drawer won't shut.
I CAN do that with 4+ of my plastic ones.
If you don't mind their poor stackability and the lack of many sizes of measuring cups, I would definitely recommend these.
OXO consistently makes high-quality products at an affordable price.
I really like these measuring cups in that they are made of sturdy stainless steel and are quite thick, handles included.
There are no lips on the rims to get in the way of filling or emptying.
The rims are smooth so it's easy to scrape flat the contents when measuring.
OXO has great products and these are high quality.Very pleased with them.
I have no problems with these measuring cups.
I find the grip very comfortable and easy to grip.
They nest very nicely and the weight is not an issue.
I love metal measuring cups for one reason.
But if you need 1/3 C melted butter, you measure it into the cup and put it on a low burner.
If you don't care about making another dish dirty then  use plastic measuring cups.
I've used plastic ones and the handles generally snap.
The handles on these are nice in that they feature non-slip handles.
When scooping the pet food you don't lose your grip and spill kibble or seed all over the place.
I don't really need this feature, but it is a nice way to keep them together.
It is very solid and has a very nice feel to it.
The rubber grippers on the handles are a nice touch as well.
I love kitchen items that feel substantial, not flimsy, lightweight, or cheap.
The measurements are marked in colored plastic on the rubber handle.
At first I worried that the numbers might eventually fade from washing.
However, upon closer inspection, it appears that this is created with an underlayment that provides color all the way down.
The handle is no slip in my hand, which comes in handy.
the cups are heavier and a bit heavy duty, which is a plus if you use them a lot.
You can take them off the little clasp and separate the cups.
I just really appreciate the style and quality of these cups.
I love the solid weight of these measuring cups.
They consist of thick stainless steel, that you know will still be in great condition after 30 years of use.
The grips are comfortable as always with OXO.
They have a bit of flare that adds interest.
Like most OXO products, this measuring cup set is well designed.
They are spun stainless with black rubberized handles.
Each cup has the size imprinted in relief in the rubberized handle, and the type showing each respective cup's size is marked/printed a different color.
That says a lot about their company and their customer service.
I really do like these stainless steel measuring cups, they have very sturdy handles, and are heavy enough to know they are good quality.
The rubber covered handles are great, because they don't slip out of your hand, and they don't bend either.
However, that is not a big deal for me, the fact that they don't bend is a much appreciated feature then anything else.
I might need two parts of one substance and three parts of another.
My measurements are swiftly made by dipping the appropriate measuring cup into a bin and pulling out the part that I need.
Exactness is not always an issue in this case as I might be measuring dried herbs to mix in a potpourri.
These Calphalon cups are actually divided in half so that the top has a bigger evenly sized lip.
If I fill only the bottom part of this cup, I know that I am getting exactly half of what I need in dry measurement.
In fact these cups are actually labeled in that way.
I have an actual cup that is labeled 2/3's  and the bottom half will be labeled one third.
The OXO set only includes four cups:  a cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup and 1/4 cup.
The labeling is color coded on the rubber portion of each handle.
The cups are sturdy with strong rubber coated handles.
If OXO wanted to make this set better, they could offer a 3/4, 2/3 and 1/8 cup so that most bases are covered.
Recommended for a starter kitchen.Diana Faillace Von Behren"reneofc".
I love that these will sit on the counter without tipping whether they are empty or full.
They nest nicely and feel substantial in the hand.
I didn't really need a new set of measuring cups, but I'm glad I got these anyway.
They're nicer than any of the others I had.
The loops on each cup are designed to allow them to easily snap on and off for quick and easy use.
They poked me in the palm of my hand.
Still highly recommended especially if you bake a lot!.
They have thick, black rubber grips, and the numbers (1/3, 1/2, etc.) are inset in the plastic in different colors.
Easy to remove one cup at a time.Recommended!.
Note - they apparently have been "updated" so the handles no longer bend.
I have ZERO issues with handle bending.These measuring cups are very well built.
There are 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup measurements.
Pity they didn't include a 3/4 measurement, but it's manageable.These are the sturdiest measuring cups I've ever used.
You literally could roll over them with a car and they wouldn't bend.
They are so nice that I instantly threw out all my other sets of measuring cups - you don't need them.
They are secured together with a plastic ring.
The Oxo Good Grips Measuring Cups come in four sizes: 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup, and one cup.
This engraving ensures that the sizes won't wash away after repeated washings.
The cups are stainless steel and nice and sturdy.
Like most people who use their kitchens a lot, I have been through many sets of measuring cups over the years.
I have read reviews that talk about the handles being too flimsy and bending easily.
I suppose that bending them is possible - if that is what one is trying to do.
I prefer them stacked in a drawer so I can simply reach in and grab the one I want.
Having to unhook them is something that simply does not appeal to my style in the kitchen.
They do a nice job for me and I expect they will do a more-than-satisfactory job for most other people in the kitchen.
This group of hanging measuring cups is perfect for those who are space-deficient in their kitchens.
Very useful for dry ingredients especially, but can also be easily utilized for liquids as well.
I like the grippy texture on the handles, and how easy it is to remove the cups from the ring that it comes attached to.
These newer ones are really substantial and no issues.
Overall these are nice cups--not as heavy as some, but sturdy enough for use in my kitchen.
The handles are comfortable to grasp, though this is something I don't usually consider.
This is not problem when working with solids, but I've noticed my liquids seem to spill much more easily with this edge.
Second, though comfortable to grasp, the handles would be more practical if they were slightly longer and narrower.
So these aren't bad, but for the money, I think you can find something designed a little better.
I didn't think I would get excited about measuring cups, but these are high on the measuring cup scale.
Many sets of measuring cups end up with dents from being dropped, dinged in the dishwasher, crushed in the dish pan.
These seem quite solid and I don't think that will happen.
This also means that they will sit steadily on your counter-top and not skitter away,~They look like futuristic space ships.
They have a jaunty angle to them.~A ring that won't fall apart!  Many sets of measuring cups come on rings.
Most of those rings are flimsy and in no time at all, all your cups are wandering off on their own.
You can keep the cups on it, take them off, put them back on.
It also makes it easier to distinguish between the 1/4 cup and the 1/3 cup.~Good grips on the handles.
It turns out the measuring cup I was using was inaccurate.
These are dry measuring cups that do nice butter melting over the pilot light.
Liquid measuring is usually done in a more pour-able kind of cup.~And.
they fit right in my drawer.I hope they fit in yours, too.
In general I really have liked these measuring cups.
With the updated design, I have not noticed a problem with bending handles.
I do wish that the whole cup and handle were stainless steel though as the numbers tend to rub off of the rubber.
I also am left wishing there was a 2/3 cup and 3/4 cup measuring cup.
One feature that I really like is the shape of the measuring cup.
It makes a slight spout which is great for scooping.
Stainless steel is also great for measuring hot liquids, which I always had to do separately when using my old plastic ones.
They come on a nice ring with easy on and off slits as well for easier storing.
The updated version of these OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated Design, are sturdy, reliable measuring cups.
These are reliable for all types of kitchen, and come in handy when precise measurements are the only way to go.
Without reserve, I would say that OXO is at the top of the heap in all the gadgets they make.
The measurement markings are easy to read, and according to the company, should last through the course of time.
The handles are sturdy and all signs indicate they will remain so for years to come.
Plus the fact that the handles have a soft grip, which helps as well.
They stack up well with each other, and should be no problem placing them anywhere within easy reach.
They have a ring that keeps them all together and can easily be hung if available space and conditions are met.
The ring is sturdy as well, like this whole set, it gives the feeling they are here to last.
This one is definitely a keeper! 4.5 Stars!.
These OXO measuring cups do what they are intended to do.
I noticed that some other reviewers reported problems with them tipping over, I did not have this problem at all.
They are a little heavier than most of my measuring cups, but that doesn't bother me at all.
Set of four that clip together when not in use so you don't have to hunt all over for a certain size.
I suppose it's the "Updated Design" that separates these OXO Measuring Cups from the ones reviewed more than a year ago.
All the folks noting how the handles bent on these were reviewing the older version, I'd wager, as the ones that I got are STURDY.
No real need for it if the cups just live in the pantry.
Measuring cups are a long term investment for most cooks.
We have some that are so beat-up and battered, some of plastic that have broken handles, and one thing in common---they were all el-cheapos.
Bought them when we were first married and have put up with them for years.
Probably all we could afford at the time.
Now we have this beautiful new set of OXO Good Grips measuring cups.
Could not be more pleased!  Heavy duty stainless (and I mean heavy), the wonderful OXO rubberized handles and a beautiful finish.
These will outlast both my wife and myself, I'm sure someday our wonderful daughter will be using them in her kitchen.
These are just really picky things that I look for in a product that is going to be touching foods and beverages.
Oxo isn't usually a quality product and they seemed very sturdy and you could read the size of each cup very well on the handle.
The slanted end is great for pouring ingredients.The handles feel solid.
Easy to clean, do not stain with water spots if you dry them immediately.
I have not let them drip dry, so they may not water stain by drip drying.
I just did not want to chance it.
OXO Good Grips  Stainless Steel Measuring Cups come in a set of four.
The four sizes are the standard measurements you'd find in most recipes such as  1/4 cup, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.
The cups easily stack together for storage whether for slipping into a drawer or hanging up by the included ring.
The design of this feature is very solid with durability and long term use in mind.These cups are professional looking.
They have stainless steel cup parts and the handles are rubber.
The rubber handles make it easy to grip when scooping and they comfortable on the hands.
Time will tell but it doesn't look like the markings will easy fade away over time.There's been no fear of damaging the cups.
The weight of what's inside doesn't seem to make the handles bend or the cup oddly lose shape.
Another OXO Good Grips essential kitchen tool I believe is built to last! Highest recommendations!.
I bake often and have two different sets of measuring cups - the OXO cups now make it three sets.
The other two sets I bought for color (one is orange, the other green) and price point (cheap!).
I've used a plastic Tupperware 6-piece set of measuring cups forever, and was attracted to this beautiful stainless-steel set.
the handles) and have flat bottoms, so they stand solidly on a countertop or even on a low-heat burner, like a tiny saucepan e.g.
(And they're attractive enough to serve that butter at the table, e.g.
I don't use the ring, just keep the cups stacked neatly in a cabinet.
My only wish would be to have half-fill lines marked on the interior of a couple of the cups (e.g.
I love the weight, the shape and the milling.
The lips are thin enough that digging into brown sugar is easy.
The hanging ring works ok but does not matter to me.
Being steel; oils will not form a permanent film on them like you see with plastic.
If they decide they would like to make a larger cup with graduations cut into the inner surface - I'd buy it.
The rubber/plastic padded handle has the usual OXO good feel.
If you need to measure out something HOT, I can't imagine a better cup.
I like to buy things once and be done with it.
This is one of those products that will last the years.
I have had a few plastic measuring cups snap at the handle until I found this one.
It's easy to skim the top with a pastry cutter and get a perfect measurement.
The cups look great and have a comfortable, non-slip handle.
My first thought when removing these from the packaging was how sturdy they feel.
The rubber on the handle is nice and tight and although I tried to bend the handles, I didn't have any luck.
The number imprinted on the hand is big and visible, and the cups easily pop off the included ring with a slight twist.
Also, the ring isn't attached to any of the cups so it would be possible to lose it.
The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups are a great addition to my kitchen for measuring dry ingredients.
These work great, are study, are nicely stackable, and have a clip that holds them together that is also easily removable.
Not much you can say about measuring cups.
Some reviewers complain that they can't be used to melt/heat items in the microwave, but I use my glass liquid measuring cups for that.
The shapes nest easily and the ring keeps them together in the drawer.
Space saving, good looking, hygienic, easy to use, that's OXO in a nutshell and these are great measuring cups to add to my kitchen.
Even with the iffy ring and lack of pouring channel, I have no problem giving them five stars.
This is a set of 4 stainless steel measuring cups with a plastic binding ring.
The sizes are 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup, and 1/4 cup.
The handle of each cup is coated with thick, solid rubber, with a notch for hanging or attaching to the binding ring.
The size of each cup is noted on the handle in large colored numbers, with a different color for each size.
The steel is heavy duty--the 4 cups together weigh in at a full 12 oz.
The top of each cup is completely flat, allowing for exact measurements with a knife.
It should be noted that these are American cups, made for the American market, so they do not show ml or other international equivalents.
The set was manufactured in China for OXO.I've never understood binding rings on measuring cups.
But, if you really think you need that ring, it's there on this set.
And you can also pull each cup off the ring individually, in any order.
They are very sturdy, and will last a lifetime, even with heavy use.
I've gone through several sets of plastic measuring cups in my day--eventually, the handles all seem to break or tear off.
And some of my metal measuring cups have developed dents from drops on the floor.
No fears about loose handles or dents with these cups--they are built to last, and they give a solid feel of quality.
This set would make a great housewarming or shower gift, as well as a good addition to any kitchen.
But not with these really good quality measuring cups.
I already had a set, and I got another one.
What can you say about measuring cups?  Well, this set is well built and seems sturdy.
The rubber grip makes it unlikely that one will slip from your hand and spill a cup of flour on your floor.
Luckily, they passed this test with flying colors.
The stainless is nice and heavy, so they feel very durable and I see these lasting a very long time.
They're easy to level off, grip, and pour, as measuring cups should be, and they're easier to clean than their plastic counterparts.
They say it's permanent but only time will tell.- Handy ring to hang the cups on and store by hanging them up.
While I realize I can get the 2/3 and 3/4 measurements, I prefer to only use one cup for various reasons.
At this rate, they've got a customer for life!.
However these stainless steel cups with a streamlined design and very comfortable handles are a new favorite kitchen tool.
But other then when I need those less common measures this is my new "go to" measuring set.
Each cup of this set from OXO is nice heavyweight stainless steel, and each stands without tipping.
These handles are pretty stout anyway; it would take a lot of effort to bend them.
I used a couple this morning to scoop whole wheat flour with no hint of strain on the handles.
The handles are clad with either rubber or silicone with the size printed in large numbers.
They are nice and heavy, but not too heavy.
They don't stain like the plastic measuring cups do.
I feel assured that these measuring cups will last for quite a while.
I only wish that OXO would add a couple of "off" measuring cups, such as 2/3 c., 1 1/2 c., etc.
like the progressive plastic measuring cups....it's so convenient!.
Normally measuring cups do not tend to be well thought out, especially in regards to ergonomics or use.
OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a nice addition to the kitchen.
They come in the standard sizes and can be left on the holding ring or pulled off for whatever cooking use is needed.
With a rubberized well labeled handle cover, they make for comfortable easy to access measuring.
Most of the things that are measured aren't that heavy.
Highly recommended and well worth getting for the kitchen.
As a long-time OXO Good Grips aficionado, these stainless steel measuring cups are a wonderful addition to my culinary collection.
The cups nest perfectly and are easily detached or reattached to their holding handle.
The size of the cups makes them easy to dunk into my flour & sugar containers.
The handles are clearly color coded with each cup's capacity and the handles themselves are easy to grip and will not slip from your fingers.
I contacted the company, emailed a picture of the rust spot, and voila, a replacement product was sent to me promptly.
I have some other measuring cups in my baking arsenal that will fit into these jars, so it was disappointing that these didn't fit.
They are durable and should last a long time.
They're easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to locate in a cluttered drawer of baking supplies.
These measuring cups are constructed of a heavy gauge stainless material that should last more than a lifetime under normal use.
The handles are not thick or stiff enough to scoop into thick food such as refrigerated butter.
Otherwise, the only other thing that could possibly deteriorate might be the rubberized sleeve on the handles.
However, The cups don't stack so well because of the thick rubberized handles.
You have to stagger the handles to get them to stack more flat.
I have a set of plastic measuring cups that stack flat because the top of the handles are equal to the top of the cup.
This is the only thing that I can say is not ideal about these stainless cups.
With stainless steel you shouldn't have to be concerned about any chemical interaction with food.
The handles are clipped onto a ring, which can be cumbersome to remove/attach.
The handles are the same thin-walled stainless steel as the stamped cup.
What the manufacturer should have done was rib the handle to reinforce it to prevent bending/flexing when scooping a harder material.
The rubber grips are a nice ergonomic touch.
I love OXO products, there is not one that did not work or was not beautifully made.
They are made from reinforced steel and have a  great rubber handle.
I've had zero problems with bending and have used them extensively on wet and dry ingredients since owning.
They wash up great in the dishwasher and are a substantial weight - not too heavy, but they don't feel cheap.
The only drawback I can see is the price; however, with everything, you get what you pay for.
They are thick and sturdy and come off of the clip ring easily.
I've only used them a few times to measure liquids and powders while cooking and baking and have had no problems.
I read some reviewers said the handles bend.
My only issue is that I wouldn't pay $20 for these when cheaper products are available, but that's your decision to make.
They readily pop off and on the ring that keeps them together, but stay on the ring until needed.
I especially like the way the sizes are written large and colorfully on the handle to quickly identify the one needed.
I don't think I will need anymore for myself, but think they would make nice wedding shower gifts.
No matter what I promise myself, I always end up using the dry measuring cups as scoops, then leveling them off with a spatula.
You'd be surprised how many handles I have bent or broken that way.
These OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups are not going to bend with any kind of ordinary use.
Their oval shape makes it easier to get them into small canisters, and they can be removed from their hanging loop and re-attached.
This may be the last set of dry measuring cups I will buy.
One of the better things about getting things from Vine is when manufacturers improve a flawed product and need reviews of the perfected version.
These Oxo measuring cups are another high quality product in the Oxo Good Grips line.
They are built to last with strong durable materials.
These will probably last your whole life and you'll be able to pass them on to your kids.
So many kitchen products just wear down and need to be replaced after a few years.
THESE  WILL LAST!This company really strives to make long-lasting quality products.
They are very comfortable in the hand (especially for those with big hands like I have).
These measuring cups are well constructed, nicely and clearly identified by size, nest nicely, and have terrific grips.
Specific Devanagari: the flat bottom let's one place them down on the counter with ingredients in them, unlike so many others with rounded bottoms.
And I am sure they will last virtually forever.
The Oxo Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a great basic kitchen staple.
These replace an older Oxo measuring cup set.
So far, I can't complain - they're well designed, sturdy, and do the job.
My only complaint is they are a little bulkier compared to my old measuring cups and don't fit in my kitchen drawer easily.
They are connected by a rubber ring, which, at first glance, seems to be nothing new.
It looked like there was some difference in the size of these cups from the cups from my old set.
Sure enough, the 1 cup from this set holds a little bit more than my old 1 cup.
All the others, 1/4, 1/2, 1/3, were the same.
The only difference was in the 1 cup size.
Trouble is, I have no idea which one is the right size...or even if it matters! The difference is  perhaps a tablespoon or so.
They're nice cups, so I gave it a 4-star rating.
This is a review of the new design Oxo Good grips measuring cups.
I'm guessing that is a response to complaints of the markings wearing off so we'll see.
It does have the size embossed in the bottom of the cup so it will not wear off.
None of our all-metal sets stack neatly, but they don't stick up as much and they have the size engraved so it won't go anywhere.
There is a video at the top of this Amazon page that is worth watching.
It details the changes made to these cups in 2010 and warns the reader away from any reviews written prior to that.
The sizes are clearly labeled, the cups are easily removed from and returned to the loop, and the sizes are accurate.
The only reason that I have given four instead of five stars for the product is the price.
They do look like they will last a long time too, so maybe you will decide the premium price is worth it.
At least you will be spending your money for a sturdy as well as good looking utensil.
They are a very nice heavy weight, very strong handles, gorgeous and easy to clean finish, and comfortable to hold due to the great grips.
and yet I find myself reaching for my old acrylic pyrex set over them almost every time.
two of the silliest reasons, but maybe something that would drive you crazy too.
It's a nails on the chalk board, fork across your teeth sound that I just hate.
I think I'm going to toss them separately into my kitchen utensil drawer in hopes that I grab them more often.
These measuring cups are flat-bottomed stainless, and substantial.
They're imprinted with big, bold, color-coded numbers that I can read without my reading glasses.
The handles are notched for removal from the ring.These are excellent, durable measuring cups.
The sizes (1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup) are clearly printed on the handles, and the text is color-coded to quick identification.
These measuring cups are pretty solid (they are made out of Stainless Steel) and have very comfortable handles to hold.
These stainless cups are much better than pure plastic measuring cups that can warp and stretch over time.
The handles are solid, with no flex.All in all, they are easy to use and ease to clean...except the price is on the high side.
Being a skeptic, I also tested the capacity of these cups, and they are spot on with respect to their accuracy.
The only product of theirs that ever disappointed me was a cheese cutter, but I have many other OXO products and they are all great.
This measurements come on a ring with rubber soft handles.
I have another set from different brand but these are my favorites.
They are nice and deep allows for easy pouring.Nice set makes a good gift also.
They are made of much thicker gauge stainless steel so the handles don't bend.
They are quite curvy  and flare out at the top instead of  the sides being 90 degrees.
This makes them easier to fill by pouring since the sloping sides draw whatever you are filling the cup with into a wider opening.
The numbers aren't printed but actually embedded plastic so they won't rub off after frequent use.
Strong, sturdy and they seem to be a quality product that should last a long time.
In just a few short days, these have become our go-to measuring cups for dry ingredients.
Neither of these are reasons to not buy these cups.
I can easily recommend them and had I been able to give 4.5*, I would have.
This is a nice basic set of measuring cups, 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.
They would be very difficult to bend in fact.
These measuring cups will in all likilhood outlast me!.
I have a litany of problems with dry measuring cups that's almost as big a the sets with missing pieces in my drawers.
They have a beautiful shape,circular but with a flared front that makes it easy to pour out measured ingredients.
The very top edge flares to make a lip.
The handles all have the size on them,  each marked with a different color.
With every other set you face a dilemma.
You can keep the ring on so the set stays together, but then you can't use them.
The ring runs through the top of these holes, but the cups won't come off on their own.
You take the cup you need, slip it off the ring, and then easily replace it after washing.
Unless you remove all four cups from the ring, this ring won't get lost.This set has the standard 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1-cup measures.
It would be even better if it had a 1/8-cup measure, but even so it's the best set of dry measures I've ever seen.
And like all OXO products, the price is great!.
First up, you want a measuring cup to be accurate.
So when the cup is sitting on a flat surface the top is at a slight angle.
These measuring cups are heavy-duty and super sturdy.
They are so much better than the cheap-o plastic ones I usually use.
I love the grippy handles, and the fact that the measurements are textured (so they won't rub off like my plastic cups with printed-on measurements).
They have a nice slanted front for scooping.Great product!.
A set of 4 stainless steel measuring cups with the accustomed OXO attention to design and manufacturing quality.
By heft, they do seem to be somewhat bottom weighted to reduce risk of tippage.
Other measuring cups we own are generally cylinder or modified cone shaped.
While they are oven (500 degrees match) and dishwasher safe, I would not use them on stovetop to melt chocolate or butter.
These OXO stainless steel measuring cups have an updated design that includes a strong, solid handle with a grip-friendly rubber-type handle covering.
The size is clearly marked on the handle.
Since the handles are quite thick these don't stack as nicely as many other measuring cups do.
It would have been nice to make the handles a bit slimmer and perhaps have included a 1/8 cup.
Easy grip handle with the amount clearly marked.
The cup has a slanted design, I find it easier for scooping/pouring.
I've always used plastic dry measuring cups, most likely because they are less expensive.
One thing that really stood out for me is how nice it is that the top of each cup is wider than the bottom.
You'd think this would make them topple over, but they didn't.
I was happy enough until the measurement stamps on them started to wear off.
I don't keep my cups in a set, but separated in case I need to other things with them or leave them in, say, coffee.
The toughest thing my set will ever have to scoop will be rice.
I can see where they could, but I don't see the point in torturing a good set of measuring cups.
That's a different design altogether.)I love them! If they sit on the counter, they don't fall over until they are filled.
I am placing these on my list of top things to have in a kitchen.
Well my last set of measuring cups bit the dust when they somewhat melted in the dishwasher.
I've been looking for a new set, taking my time for that perfect set.These OXO's seemed pretty sturdy.
They are NOT for use in a microwave nor on a low burner.
However they could be set on that warm stove for gentle melting of the measured ingredient.
The rubber handles allow for a very easy grip.
These came in 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup and 1 cup sizes.
They are a very high quality stainless steel that should be free of rust for many many years.
This set of stainless steel measuring cups with easy to grip handles is accurate, or at least its measurements match my other measuring cup sets.
The handles on the current incarnation don't bend (far from it).
If you're going to hang them that's not an issue.
But if you want to fit them into a low-depth drawer you may have problems.
If your drawer is shallow you may want to look elsewhere.
Also, only you can decide if the price/value ratio is right as compared to the alternatives.
I previously used metal and plastic measuring cups and was looking for a new set.
This set is the best of both worlds.
You get a brushed metal body with rubber covered handles.
Each cup has a brightly colored measurement indicator.
The cups all stack inside each other and attach to a large hook.
The hook is a little cumbersome, making it likely you'll knock off other cups while removing the intended cup.
I just keep them stacked on a counter.
Quality is decent compared to some of my other cups, including my previous metal cups which were prone to bent handles.
I tried bending these handles intentionally to test durability and they appear to stand up to all but the toughest abuse.
Measurements are 1/4 cup, 1/3 cup, 1/2 cup and 1 cup.
When I was little my Mom had stainless steel measuring cups.
The edges were not that easy to hold and over time gave way to tacky plastic measuring cups with easier handles.And then.
Some customers complained about handles bending.These replace a Trudeau 5-Piece Measuring-Cup Set that I bought from Amazon in 2008.
The handle on the 1 cup size cup is the one that is most likely to bend, but it seems quite sturdy and strong.
So I compared these cups against a well-marked heavy clear glass Anchor-Hocking 2-cup size measuring cup to see.
Basically, if the OXO cups are full but not so full that they are brimming, they equal the measurement markings on the Anchor-Hocking.
OXO has since fixed the problem and unless I should lose one of these cups I imagine they will last a lifetime.
As I say above, I own several OXO kitchen products and they've yet to disappoint (e.g., meat pounder, pastry brush, spoons, kitchen brush, etc.).
I've even bought some OXO kitchen products for my amateur gourmet cook daughter and she loves them.
I will probably buy her a set of these cups.Highly recommended.
These measuring cups have a nice heavy feel to them.
The handles have a rubbery coating that makes them comfy to hold and use.
The tilted shape of the bowl makes it easier to use a spatula to get sticky contents out.
I have many OXO products, and I've always been pleased.
These cups stack nicely for storage, but individual cups can easily be removed from the ring.
I like that they are made of stainless steel, yet they are not too heavy.
These will be long-term, well-used implements in my kitchen.
They are very durable and do not bend with scooping pressure.
The design for getting on and off the ring is the best I've used.
They stay on but come off easily when you want them to.
Dishwasher safe and a design that won't deteriorate.
These are the only measuring cups I want to use now.
I like the way they last.These measuring cups are no exception, AND I will add one additional piece of information.
As a result, less clutter.Nice!  See, now you can justify paying a little more for OXO.
I really love these measuring cups, they are heavy and feel substantial, not cheap.
They are easy to clean in the dishwasher too.
I think it would be hard for the elderly or someone with arthritis to get the cups on and off of this ring.
Oxo Good Grips stainless steel measuring cups are wonderful.
You can really tell that Oxo thinks about their product design, even with something as simple as a set of measuring cups.
Probably the sturdiest measuring cups I've ever owned.
The cups are made of stainless steel and have a soft plastic covered handles.
The cups are attachable from a plastic ring, so you can easily keep your cups together or separate them.
Even with wet hands, it is easy to hold on to the non-slip grip handle of the OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups.
These measuring cups are fast becoming my favorite set of measuring cups.
They're sturdy, nice looking and they nest well for easy storage.
As far as measuring cups go, these are sleek and modern.
The stainless steel makes for easy cleanup, the sizes are well proportioned with comfortable grip handles.
These are the best measuring cups I have EVER owned.
Made of brushed stainless steel (much like my kitchen sink!) they are ultra durable and will probably last 100 years.
The rubbery like handles are easy to hold and will never slip out of your hand.
The cups are each very clearly marked for size, right on the inner end of the handle for easy reference.
Liquids pour out of them easily, solids and powders measure easily and come out easily.
And best of all, they are dishwasher safe! They are perfect all around, in my opinion! I very strongly recommend them! :).
There are two reasons for choosing stainless steel over plastic.
Sometimes plastic will stain; mainly with tomato sauce).The handles are stamped from the same metal as the remainder of the cups.
On my previous set of measuring cups, the handle is a wire.
My wife and I both found this somewhat superfluous, as we normally just stack our measuring cups in a drawer.
The description indicates that this allows them to sit level when empty.
The numbering isn't really small, but there seems to be plenty of space where they could have made the numbers larger.
And the font choice is not very good; especially the "4" in "1/4."  It's not the quickest to interpret.
But my main concern is the the numbers are printed on the rubber handles.
I may not know for years, though, if the numbers will remain.
They've only been used a couple of times now, and have not even seen the dishwasher.
I hope they'll last.If the numbers were stamped into the metal, I'd give these five stars.
Sturdy, stylish, comfortable handles, and a good value.
Nice touch making the size markings so they can't rub off.
The smaller sizes are a little tippy because their handle is the same size/ weight as the larger measurements.
Overall, a good product and a good price.
These measuring cups are a great quality and good price, for a product that seems as though it will last a lifetime.
I own a number of OXO grip items already, including a brush, carving knife, and whisk.
All are fine quality and well worth the money.
The stainless steel is of excellent quality and the OXO grip stays easy to handle even if your hands or the utensil is wet.
The size of the serving is embedded above the cup and won't fade or be rubbed off.
They all fit onto a plastic ring, and can be easily pulled off for separate use.
There is no line at the top, or lip of any kind.
It doesn't matter with a dry measurement that much, but with liquid it's so full you would easily slosh and spill some.
It would have been nice if they had left even a 1/8th clearance at the top but they didn't.
Despite that minor annoyance, I really like these measuring cups for their looks, quality, and price, and I recommend them.
The handles have a notched hole for hanging, and they come on a small ring to demonstrate this.
First and foremost, Amazon shipped fast, arrived on time undamaged.
The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups (updated design) are a nice set of measuring cups for your everyday kitchen and baking needs.
Coming with 4 sizes, they are easy to read and engraved to match.
Oxo makes some nice kitchen gear, and these will definitely fit in with the other awesome Oxo gear in your house.
I own a few other Oxo products that have lasted for years.
If they come down 5 bucks or so, then I will update to 5 star.
This review was written by my wife, who does most of the cooking around here.
I tend to just dump stuff in and not measure it as much.
:)The measuring cups are durable, accurate, and attractive.
The material seems to be stain proof, which means these should look good for many years.
These Good Grips cups make an excellent addition to my kitchen.
The design is wonderfully thoughtful.THE GOODThey come on a ring which can be used to hang them or just keep them together.
They stack inside each other nicely, are durably built, dishwasher safe and the markings are clear, color-coded and easy-to-read.THE BADNothing I can discover so far.
OXO's new design eliminates these small problems.IN SHORTFlawless.
It's important to note that they have no fill line, which I found to be a bit odd.
You have to fill them to the brim in order to obtain an accurate measurement.
This set only contains four measures, which is fine for my kitchen, but might not be adequate for anyone engaging in more advanced culinary efforts.
This would make a nice durable and attractive gift for anyone just starting to equip their first kitchen.
Easy to stack.Recommended for someone who's looking for a measuring set that won't break if you drop them and looks good while doing it.
I love OXO products, and this is no exception.
The four measuring cups are easily joined and taken apart by sliding the opening in each cup through the hard plastic u-shaped fastener.
If they could go in the microwave, they would be perfect!.
These are the best measuring cups that I've ever owned.
I can be a bit clumsy and have knocked my plastic measuring cups over.
Talk about a mess! I don't worry about it with these.
I have them hanging on a hook in the kitchen instead of tucked away in the cabinet.
They are quite handsome and would make an impressive gift.
Since, if you cook/bake regularly and use a dishwasher for clean-up, you're likely to need a few sets, they can get expensive at $20.
This is a very sturdy little set of stainless steel measuring cups with Oxo's typical "Good Grips" design.
Another major asset is the way the cups curve out for easier (and cleaner, which for me is a big deal) pouring.
Measuring cups are pretty basic, but Oxo has made a set that does just a bit more than the rest.
Well, I've had my share of measuring cups, that's for sure.
These will hopefully stand the test of time.
They are big - round - my old ones are oval and you can sort of jam them in your cupboard.
But because these are round, they technically take up more lateral space.
Well, that's certainly not a major issue:  It's because of the sloped sides that the top part of the cups are so wide.
They clip on and off this black plastic ring, and it's not all that easy to take them off and stick them back on.
The rubber handles are nice, and the measurements are slightly raised and each cup has a different color font.
I hope that doesn't wear off over time, but if it does, the font is raised so presumably you could still tell which is which.
I admit the rubber handles don't quite feel like the normal OXO stuff I've seen before.
But I didn't find them as bendy as other reviewers mention.
I tried to bend them and yes they give a little, but with normal use I can't imagine anyone damaging these handles.
I'm a big fan of OXO kitchen utensils and tools.
I have many OXO kitchen utensils in my kitchen that are nearly 13 years old and are still looking new after years of frequent use.
I was excited when I got the opportunity to review these stainless steel Good Grips measuring cups.
I did notice with my set that the handles do seem to attract dust and small particles of baking ingredients.
I'm not thrilled about that, but it's better than having stainless steel handles that aren't as comfortable to hold.This set only has four measuring cups.
You'll get cups in the following measurements with this set: 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.
If this set had 1/8 and 3/4 cups I would have given this product five stars.
Many of the recipes I use call for ingredients of either 3/4 or 1/8 of a cup.
I'd much prefer to have to clean one cup to measure out 3/4 vs.
using two or having to scoop out the ingredients three times.
You simply pop the cup off the ring and you're good to go.Overall, I think these measuring cups are decent.
For the price I wish they had 3/4 and 1/8 cups, too.
It is a decent quality product that will see you through years of use.
I have another set of OXO measuring cups that look more like little cook pots.
The total weight of the cups is just under 12 ounces total, and these bad boys are clearly built to last.
These OXO GOOD GRIPS MEASURING CUPS are great, and I highly recommend them.
I'm pleased with these measuring cups, especially as they're heat resilient.
I love the stainless steel and sleek design, and they have worked well for my baking purposes.
I'm not a hardcore baker so I didn't have the bending issue that other reviewers mentioned.
OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups, Stainless Steel, Updated DesignOne can never have enough, quality, measuring cups -- in the Kitchen.
I don't use them as scoops and was surprised to hear about a problem with the necks bending.
I compared the calibrations with my one cup Pyrex liquid measure and there was no difference.
These cup measurers have very clear labels so that you can unmistakably read what that measurement is.
But they seem very sturdy.The handles seem a good length, not too long and not too short.
Whether or not you want a rubber grip on your measuring cups is your call! These do have them.
Some people will find that very useful for "good grips"!.
I got these to replace some cheap plastic measuring cups that I've had forever.
These are very nice looking and have wonderful rubber grip handles on them.
They snap off of the ring that holds the cups all together very easily.
I really love the heft to them and how spiffy they look in the kitchen.These do have a couple small problem.
The handles bend easily when digging into firm material (think almost solid brown sugar).
They are nice enough that I am willing to put up with the quirky handles.
So far I have found nothing negative about my new OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups.
They are easy for me to use, the covered handles are great for my clumsy fingers.
The markings on the handles are easy for me to read.
They scoop and pour well, I have had no issues with the cups tipping over.
I am very happy with the quality of the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups.
The price may be higher than what I've paid for other measuring cups, however, the quality definitely makes it worth it.
You won't need to replace them for a very long time.
Formerly there seems to have been an issue with "bendy" handles but that is definitely not the case with these measuring cups now.
The only reason this is four stars instead of five is there is nothing particularly over-the-top impressive/innovative about them but I do like them.
Like most OXO products, these measuring cups are built as solid as a rock.
The numbers on each are etched solidly into the rubber handgrips, ensuring they won't disappear anytime soon.
Oh, and the rubber handgrips are a nice bonus.
It has to be experienced to be believed.
Second, the cups aren't perfectly round and cylindrical.
This is a great set of measuring cups made from sturdy stainless steel.
They feel wonderful in the hand, they wash up easily and the no-slip handle grips work perfectly to keep them steady in your hands.
I love the color coded measurement markings which are easily visible and don't wash off, along with them being dishwasher safe and non-flexible.
Plastic is something I try to avoid at all costs due to the industrial chemical BPA which is now in pretty much everything plastic.
Anyone who fools around in the kitchen on a daily basis will adore this product.
I have several sets  of cheap measuring cups, and wondered if I would like these.
When they came, I got my baking book and got to work.
I never feel like the plastic ones are clean until they go through the dishwasher.
The hook, unhook is easy to use and will keep them togther in the baking department.
I only  wish they had the rare 3/4cup size included.
I can't tell you how many glass measuring cups or plastic spoons I've gone through that have lost their measurement markings over time.
Some even lost them after one or two washings.
It was time to invest in better quality.Oxo Good Grips stainless steel measuring cups are certainly heavy duty and I love them.
This set includes the standard measurements making up one cup:  1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.
They look attractive, the non-slip handles with indelible markings are easy to grip, and the stainless steel provides a nice hefty weight to each scoop.
They stack and store very easily in my cupboard.I am replacing more and more kitchen utensils with Oxo Good Grips products.
So far all have been smart and long-lasting purchases.
My next buy will be the matching Good Grips measuring spoons.
OXO is noted for easy grip products which are gentle on the hands and make many tasks more enjoyable.
These Good Grips measuring cups are no exception.
Made of stainless steel the cups come in the traditional 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 and 1/4 size.
The shape is a little unusual with a wider top and slimmer base but this actually makes scooping easier.
The cups are held together on a ring which can easily be removed.
This makes it easy to find at a glance the cup size you are looking for.
I cannot believe that I've spent the last ten years using a hodge-podge of measuring cups no two from the same manufacturer.
I never believed that there could be a technical advance made in the design and manufacture of measuring cups, but OXO really nailed this one.
These measuring cups are well made, with sturdy, rubber handles.
As soon as you pick these up you notice the weight.
I much prefer these to my plastic sets which are now tossed in the back of the kitchen drawer.
This is a nice set of measuring cups.
The cups are sturdy, and they have a nice brushed silver finish.
I like that they can handle various temperatures.
If I need a cup of boiling water I can pour it right from the kettle into the measuring cup.
These look nice, and I can stick them in the dishwasher for easy cleanup.
Like other OXO Good Grips products I have, these measuring cups are mde to last.These stainless steel cups are.
a solid weight and should stand up well to everyday kitchen use.
They won't melt if left a bit too near a heat source.
The handles have a coating with a rubbery feel that makes them easier to grip for people who have trouble with their hands.
In addition the measurements are color-coded so you don't have to hunt for your glasses to find the right cup.
And OXO says the measurements will not wear off over time which is a major fault with many measuring sets.
The cups angle down--they're wide at the top than the bottom.
This may make it a bit harder to eyeball half of a measurement but easier to pour the contents.
You don't have to have problems with you hands to appreciate Good Grips products.
These feel great, look nice, easy to clean and the measurements are easy to read.
These measuring cups are very sturdy and heavy duty.
As a daily cook and baker I love them.
I've used plastic measuring cups and have also had a set or two of the cheap metal ones over the years.
The plastic ones have melted or cracked, and I worried about plastic chemicals leaching into our food.
They are sleek, heavy, brushed stainless steel for a lifetime of use.
The handles are coated in a non-slip rubber that has the measurement stamped into it.
I really like this set of stainless steel measuring cups.
They are, of course, held together with the little ring pictured.
They do have a tendency to clank a bit loudly, but they are nice and smooth.
Really, that's the only complaint I have with the cups.
I love these sturdy, stainless steel measuring cups.
They are definitely not flimsy, and the rubber grips on the handle make them easy to hold on to.
The measures for each are brightly colored and easy to read.
They have lipped edges, rather than sharp edges, so accurate measuring is easy.
They also hold up well to being washed in the dishwasher (I washed them on the top rack).
Oxo paid good attention to detail here, and it paid off in a functional and high-quality product.
This is a particularly nice set--solid and heavy gauge.
The handles, which had been an issue in an earlier release due to their tendency to bend under weight, have been markedly improved.
They're now strong and reliable and they boast easy-to-read, color-coded permanent measurement markers for ease of use.
The four cups fit on a ring which keeps them all together.
The exception, and this is my only gripe, is when I need a size that isn't represented in this set.
But if those sizes meet your needs, I highly recommend these handsome, high quality measuring cups.
Having used plastic measuring cups for a long time, I had forgotten how nice metal measuring cups feel.
The handles on plastic measuring cups tend to deflect, and I have had the handles fatigue to the point of damage.
The handles on these measuring cups seem to remain rigid when scooping water, milk, sugar, and flour.These measuring cups are highly attractive.
The brushed appearance should reduce the effect of inevitable dings and scratches that tend to mar the surface of polished stainless steel measuring cups.
The non-slip handles are functional as well as decorative, and provide a nice location for color-coded cup sizes.
I am tempted to hang the measuring cups as a kitchen decoration.Cleaning these stainless steel measuring cups is a breeze.
A soft scrubbing pad and dishwashing detergent and the cups are clean.
Indeed, grease, margarine and other similar substances that can be a challenge to remove from plastic come off with ease.
These are nice measuring cups! I like them better than the cheap plastic ones (which I gave away).
Just throw them in the dishwasher when done.
These stainless steel measuring cups are fantastic!  The only thing that would make them even better were if a 3/4 cup was included.
You get 1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3 cup and 1/4 cup.
They are very strong which really appeals to me.
I have a larger set of plastic measuring cups which I frequently use to bake bread.
However, I am always aware of the stress I put on them when pressing a cup deeply into a bag of flour.
It feels like the handle could break off if I/m not extra careful.
Like I said earlier, the only thing that could make them even better would be to include a 3/4 measuring cup.
I have run them all through the dishwasher twice now and they came out fine.
This "OXO good grips measuring cups updated design" set, is lovely.
This set contains four stainless steel measuring cups, with a good handle to grip the cup so as not to drop it.
These measuring cups are easy to use and easy to clean.
Unless something is really wrong with measuring cups, I'm not sure how much there is to say.
These measuring cups are as easy to use as any others.
Other than that, I haven't had any troubles using them.
My current measuring cups are not nearly as sturdy as these which come with a rubberized handle.
The handles on mine bend with very little stress while the ones on this Oxo Good Grips set are very solid although a tad short.
The latter probably reflects a tradeoff in terms of storage space -so I can live with that.
Given the choices - even with Williams Sonoma's selection - I'd recommend these highly.
They also sport pleasantly textured and secure handles.
They stack-store and are easy to keep clean.
In a low-tech product like a measuring cup, that's about all you can ask.
I've only had Pyrex measuring cups and plastic ones through the years.
If my kids were still home, NOT so much.
The cups wouldn't have a chance of being re-attached to their brethern when my kids were home.
If you share your kitchen with others, this set may require some ground rules, lol!.
Wish it came with a 3/4 cup, but not that big a deal.
This product is actually better than I had anticipated.
The cups feel really sturdy and they are actually heavier than I thought they were going to be.
Each stainless steel cup has an easy to grip handle coated in rubber clearly marked with its corresponding size.
The cups are machine washable for easy cleaning and stackable for easy storage.
This set of measuring cups delivers on the typical OXO good product quality and design.
So far they've been easy to use and manage in the kitchen.
These are quite honestly the best measuring cups I have owned to date.
Unlike the others with problems having the handle bend, mine have been unaffected.
These measuring cups were nice upgrade from my old plastic ones.
They are easy to remove from the ring and put it back.
These sleek brushed stainless measuring cups are functionally styled to go beautifully with a stainless steel kitchen.
The set  includes 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and full cup.
The handles are notched so the cups can be attached/detached from the ring, so the nested set stays concisely together when stored.
These are good sturdy measuring cups with solid handles.
The short, wide handles make them easy to dip into the flour or whatever and the shape helps scoop it up.
It is easy to shake off excess and have a level cupful.
They clip together on a sturdy ring and are easy to keep track of.You can't go wrong with these.
I would call this the Cadillac set of measuring cups.
I've owned a lot of measuring cups over the years: plastic, metal, stainless, glass, but none quite as fancy as these.
The only thing they went cheap on was the ring that hooks them all together, it's plastic.
They function very well for measuring baking goods.
Dishwasher safe and no rust spots, so it's higher quality stainless.
The other thing is these cups do not "nest" as neatly as pictured unless they are hooked on the plastic ring.
I'd have loved to have received such a nice set of measuring cups.
I suspect these will last a long time since they're so well made.
Several other reviewers have noted that the handles bend and are flimsy.
I have not made the same observation, and I think OXO has updated their design and addressed this issue.
With some effort the handles can indeed be bent, but it does require (at least in my case) a conscious effort to bend them.
They look nice, they are comfortable to hold and they are definitely easy to read, but I don't mind using a straight metal handle either.
They are of good quality and OXO seems to have addressed the handle issue from the past.
They're a little pricey but you get a quality product for that price.
If you need a good set of measuring cups that will server you for many years, this is a good set to consider.
These are wonderful stainless steel measuring cups-durable without being too heavy, with an attractive brushed finish.
red) hard plastic numbers set (flush) in black, heavy rubber-coated handles.
These handles are very sturdy with no bending issues, whatsoever.
They add an element of fun and a "grown-up" feeling that wasn't the same as when they would use the cheaper plastic cups.
The apparent improvements in the OXO stainless steel cups have made these a JOY to cook with.
My Mom has an old set of OXO cups which I always use when I visit her house.
Well, a month or so ago, I bought a scale on Amazon which I love.
but it's still easier for me to use measuring cups.
These are the stuff dreams are made of (if you dream about measuring cups).
They easily come on and off the ring that keeps them together.
They are simply a pleasure to use.BUT, if you want to be an accurate baker, you probably need a scale.
According to King Arthur Flour, a cup of flour should weight 4.25 oz.
Well, I weighed a cup from these and it was 5.8 oz.
(Of course, I've never had any issues using measuring cups, even though everybody says that if you're serious you should weigh things.
Might be looked down upon at first, but the bride and groom will use them for years...and think of you fondly every time.
OXO makes some great products and I usually lean towards them over other brands.
The rubber handles are well attached...I tried to pull them off and they appear secure.
We do quite a bit of cooking and baking in our house and own many different sets of measuring cups.
I prefer stainless kitchen gadgets of any type over plastic because of their durability and lack of staining.
After seeing similar Stainless Steel measuring cup sets I knew I had to give the "OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Cups" a try.
The design is sturdy stainless steel, they're well constructed with easily readable measurements and they're dishwasher safe.
I also like that when I need to melt butter I can use them on our stovetop.
I have no complaint about these measuring cups.
They are not too heavy and feel good in the hand.
The color-coding ensures that you won't have to put your glasses on when trying to distinguish between a 1/3 and a 1/2 cup measure.
They do come on a plastic ring, and I didn't find it all that easy to detach them, so I ditched the ring.
Tidier persons might like this feature, however.I cannot really justify spending this kind of money for measuring cups.
There are two main differences with this Good Grips set of stainless steel measuring cups and others I have owned.
But, these handles are not just padded, but also wider, measuring a full inch where my other set measured less than one half inch.
This extra width makes gripping them more comfortable and more secure.Second improvement is the molded one-piece construction.
The metal handle and cup is one unit, with the rubberized handle encasing the metal.
In the past, this structural vulnerability has caused handles on my sets to break-off the bowl.
The flat bottom of the bowl rests securely so contents don't inadvertently spill as I've experienced with wobbly-bottomed sets.
The cups are dishwasher safe and the weight of the set feels reassuringly substantial - like they were built to last.
The wide flat bases are great and the rubber handles nice.
The contract of the black rubber handles and the brushes stainless steal looks great as well.
They're made of heavy stainless steel that's not going to dent or rust.
I spent some time snapping them on and off to see if they'd loosen; they didn't.
Unlike my Pyrex measuring cup set, these can't be microwaved, and they tend to tip over when placed empty on the counter.
But they're ideal for measuring out dry goods, like flour and sugar.
Hot liquids will cool much faster in a heavy metal cup than in a glass measure, too.
Perhaps they upgraded the design somewhere along the way.So: High quality, nearly indestructible, and ideal for dry measures.
A bit more expensive than most measuring cup sets, but they should outlast a lot of cheaper sets.
Measuring cups are something you don't think much about.
These measuting cups FEEL substantial in your hands.
I have a feeling they will last forever & that I would lose them before they wore out.
Every good cook needs quality implements & these are top quality.
I expect Oxo products to be well designed and built.
This measuring cup set certainly meets those standards.
Finish is excellent, a brushed stainless that looks nice.
The handles have Oxo's trademark sticky rubber grips that make holding the cups easy.
There's a clever notch in each measuring cup that snaps into a holding ring for storage or hanging.
The cups are thick stainless steel, very thick.
The 1 and 1/2 cup measuring cups are substantial enough to replace garden digging tools.
They are certainly stronger and stiffer than some trowels I've used.
Is this a good thing or are these over designed and built? Probably a bit of both.
Is it necessary to have steel two to three times thicker than standard measuring cups? Not really, but it looks cool.
Oxo good grips measuring cups - updated design.
better tasting food i know whats in it etc.
these are totally worth splurging on whether you bake sometimes or weekly.
they are a nice weight but not too heavy.
if only they had the larger than one cup and some of the odd sizes for us bakers.
i really love these cups and am very pleased with them!.
After a couple weeks of use, we generally like these measuring cups from OXO, a brand we've come to like a lot over the years.
Others have noted the handles tend to bend.
We haven't experienced that but neither have we tried to use them to scoop anything difficult - like frozen items or packed brown sugar.
Like most OXO products, these are very well made.
These measuring cups are great! I wanted a new set that wasn't plastic with markings that would rub off.
I also didn't want a set with a line to fill to instead of filling all the way and leveling off.
These are very sturdy and have nice handles; they also come easily off the ring without a fuss.
If you have a stainless steel designer kitchen there is no need to muck it up with cheap plastic measuring cups.
These OXO stainless steel measuring cups are heavy duty and look great.
I love these! Not only do they look great but they're really handy.
My four-year-old son likes to "help" out in the kitchen.
He had a hard time with my old measuring cup which is a plastic one with the graduated lines on it.
But with these, I just give him the correct cup size and tell him to fill it and he does.
Easy peasy!Also, the grippy handles are great because I am sometimes fumbled-fingered; especially when I'm trying to measure liquids.
Best yet, when all the cooking is done, these just go right into the dishwasher.Love them!.
I love the stainless steel design with the little rubber grips on the end.
They are easy to take off the ring to use them individually.
This is the only set I will be using.
I have the old set of these cups and these new ones are definitely much better.
The handle is very sturdy compared to the old set.
They are extremely solid and very heavy stainless steel.
They have a bit of a sharp edge to them.
My husband didn't like this, but I love it because it makes scraping off knives, spatulas, etc very easy.
I had to scrape out peanut butter the other day and was very grateful for the sharp edge.
There are two things I have found that I don't like about them, which is why I reduced my review to 4 stars.
I don't like the little plastic ring these are attached to.
I decided just to remove it and get rid of it.
It was awkward to twist them off and on and I just didn't see the need for it.
They sit nested nicely in my drawer, so without the ring worked better for me.
The other thing I didn't like is that it only comes as a four piece set (1/4, 1/3, 1/2, and 1 cup).
I wish it was a six piece set that included a 2/3 cup and a 3/4 cup.
This was frustrating to have to measure peanut butter out twice when I could have done it with just a 3/4 in the first place.
I do hope that over time that the measurements are still clearly visible.There are no measurements inside each cup tho.
The stainless steel wall on the measuring cups is sturdy.The clean up easily.
They set comes with the standard 4 sizes.
For me the big selling point on the OXO Good Grips is the width of the handle.
I really did a notice a difference when I held them in my hands (I have smaller hands for a guy).
I really needed new measuring cups, my kids have a bad habit of throwing stuff away and several from my old set had gone missing.
I always loved my old beat up old aluminum measuring cups and grew up using those.
The moment I touched these I knew I would love them.
They are so sturdy and do not have bendy handles like previous reviewers have stated.
I believe that they fixed that design flaw.
They're beautiful, clean up well, have nice handles, and are very sturdy and look great in my kitchen.
You can't really go wrong with OXO stuff.
Their products are of good quality and has some thoughtful design elements, even for the most mundane everyday items like a set of measuring cups.
Other reviewers said the handles bend if you are scooping hard/dense items...like packed brown sugar.
I haven't experienced too much trouble in this area.
But I do have three sets of spoons that I use for different things.
For example, my All Clad ones can be used on the stove top to melt butter.
You won't be disappointed to add them to yours.
The OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups in Stainless Steel are very good measuring cups, they are very strong and steardy.
I have no problems with the handles bending.
The handles on this set are very durable and will last a long time.
They are large and don't nest as nicely as I'd like, but it's pretty clear these things are going to last forever.
These metal measuring cups are well made, having a smooth finish and size-marked rubber handles.
I like the wider openings on the top for keeping the overspill of flour and/or sugar off my counters.
My only peeve with these is that I like cups that nest well, and these are a little tricky.
If you want them to fit in a normal shallow island drawer, you can't pile the handles on top of eachother.
You almost can, but the top handle rubs a little as you close the drawer.
I've had a lot of measuring cup sets and this is one of my favorites.
I have not had an issue with the handles bending that some of the reviews mention.
Maybe there was a defective batch?  In fact my favorite thing is that the handle and cup are one solid piece of metal.
Most of the metal measuring cups I've had have a handle that is a separate piece and attached to the cup.
Every one of them have broken off eventually - especially the 1-cup size.
I don't think that will happen with these.
They flex ever so slightly, but I have not had one bend with my use.
The handle is wider than most, which should also make it stronger.
I am not always a fan of the Oxo handles because they are so bulky and take up so much space in the drawer.
I also like how the cup is angled slightly, making it easier to scoop.
Another benefit is that it's a little bit grippier than if your oil-covered hands were trying to hold plastic or even metal.
It seems to me these are bound to make cleaning at least a little bit more difficult, not to mention pouring out the contents.
Unlike, say, a flat-screen TV, this set of measuring cups is entirely waterproof.
I know because I tossed both into my neighbor's swimming pool, recovered them, let them dry for 96 hours, and tried to operate both.
The Oxo Good Grips Measuring cups have a snap-on-or-off measuring cups with comfort grips handles.
The measuring cups are made of heavy-duty stainless steel.
I love every OXO kitchen gadget I have, and these measuring cups are no exception.
They were hard to get off, so I can't imagine doing that every time I need to measure something.
But I love the fact that the measurements are printed in raised color on the handles, a different color for each cup.
good for those of us whose eyesight isn't a hundred percent.
Sadly, I'll have to keep my plastic one.
These sturdy measuring cups are stainless steel with soft plastic grips over the metal handles.
The sizes of the cups are printed on the top of the handle in raised letters which are also color coded.
The set comes with 4 different size cups.
The sizes are 1 Cup, 1/2, 1/3 and 1/4.
The cup shape is slightly tapered which facilitates using them as scoops.
All four attach to a sturdy plastic ring.
You can snap one cup at a time from the ring to easily use them individually.
The handles could also be a little longer.
It would also be nice to have intermediate size markings on the cups.Overall these seem quite good.
Much sturdier than my previous set or most sets you will find in stores.
The fact that they are stainless steel means that they are non-reactive and can be used with any type of food.
They seem to be a quality product that should last a long time.
Clearly the "updated design" corrects the problem previous reviews had mentioned about the flimsy handles.
You could probably scoop ice cream with these suckers without bending the handles.
Not only are they much easier to use this way but you only have to wash the size you used not all of them.
I love OXO Good Grips products and my kitchen is loaded with them.
When I saw these measuring cups in the Vine newsletter, I was delighted.
There are a couple of things worth noting here.
First, having measuring cups attached to a ring is fine.
The ring can be hung on a pegboard or hook (as I have on my kitchen workstation).
But the cups are a bit resistant to being removed from that ring.
I got the equivalent of a paper cut while wrestling one of them off.
A cook who is elderly (less strength) or one with arthritis might find it difficult.
Very solid and sturdy and I bet they'll outlive me.
But that means they're heavier than the usual thin metal or plastic.
Most cooks, though, are neither frail, elderly, nor arthritic.
If you're a young or middle-aged healthy cook, you won't have any problems.
The cups are color coded with slightly engraved measurements, which is quite nice, and they are dishwasher safe.
I have several sets of measuring cups in plastic and metal, and the OXO cups are of a far better quality than the others.
One thing I would like to see, if they ever update their design: little pour spouts or notches.
With dry ingredients, you don't need it, but water, oil, milk, melted butter or eggs would make less of a mess with a little spout.
These cups are heavier than most even when empty, the rubber handles are very handy and the measurements are easy to read.
These cups come on a ring and are easy to remove and replace on that ring.
I love the shape and feel of these measuring cups while using them, definitely worth getting.
I've had this product for about 2 weeks now.
Here are a couple observations: (1)The handles are somewhat short for my liking but i like the non-slip material its padded with.
(2) The handles also bend very slightly with heavier ingredients but its nothing major and doesnt seem like it will break at all.
(3) I like the large sizing numbers on the handles, easy to see and helpful.
Overall they do a good job and i dont think you would be disappointed if you bought them.
To measure or not to measure that is the question.
The heartache and the shock of discovering that you have just used 1/3 instead of 1/4, the numbers on the plastic worn.
This is a consummation, devoutly to be wished, when ere the stainless dips into the flour yay that first time.
(in the words of my Uncle, Allez Cuisine)Take no pause!  Grip the good of the Grip of Good.
My fair stainless - Nymph of kitchen tools.
I think I must have received a newer version, because I read that people were having problems with the handles bending.
Maybe this is because they used to make the handles with just rubber and they would flex.
These measuring cups have solid handles that won't bend for anything.
The cups measure and function beautifully, just what you expect from OXO brand kitchen wear.
Stainless steel is a nice addition to any kitchen, clearly labeled, and easy to handle, this is a great buy.
I absolutely love the way these feel when I use them.
I have been using these in the kitchen:OXO SoftWorks 4-Piece Plastic Measuring Cups.
I wrote OXO about the problem, they sent me another set, and I had the same problem.
I'm happy to report, though, that these color labels seem more permanent.
Washing in the dishwasher has had no noticeable effect on the labels.
In addition, the markings on this set use raised lettering.
So, even if the color were to fade away, the raised letters keep the cups readable.Other notes:1) They seem fairly accurate.
Heavy-duty metal cups, it seems likely I'm going to be handing these off to my heirs.
The rolled edge makes scooping clean and easy, and the workmanship seems excellent- the materials feel like good quality.
The rubberized handles are nicely non-slip.But that very sturdiness turns into a ding against these cups.
The Oxo's handles are the same length as my plastic measuring cups.
This is a set of basic, sturdy measuring cups.
The best part for me was that they really were easy to remove to use and clean separately.
They also stored easily in my kitchen drawer.
Now that I have them, there are several reasons these measuring cups have become an absolute essential part of my kitchen.
Despite the fact that I bake mostly by weight, these cups are getting used nearly everyday for a wide variety of tasks.
They are a bit heftier than standard measuring cups I've used and I like that.
They don't knock around quite so easy on the counter or in the drawers when stored, which I like.
Measuring cups get used and abused and having something sturdy to do the job is perfect.
As my title for the review would suggest I really do like these things.
They are sturdy, accurate, and very easy to clean.
Unlike some my plastic measuring devices, I don't worry about these breaking and the dishwasher is no issue for them.
They connect to a caribiner-style hook, and can hang in your kitchen.
They are tools.We will keep Mario's, and move Biff's measuring tools to the camping supplies.
Therefore, I hold utensils carefully, like little food-cooking-eggs.
So, I fail to see this as a problem.
These OXO measuring cups look a little strange but work well, and do not tip over easily.
Each cup does contain the the amount marked on the handle.
The handles are comfortable but a little short.
The slightly strange shape probably makes them better at preventing spills  than the traditional cylindrical shaped kind of measuring cups.
The shape is stable but  looks a bit unstable.
These are fine though I'll probably stick with my older cups which have longer handles and don't look like they are melting.
I am  revising my review to say that we are now using these all the time and they are fantastic for dealing with dry goods.
These are really well made measuring cups that, true to the branding, have good grips.
However, they are missing two things we would like to see in a measuring cup.
These are personal preference, and may not matter to many people.
The handles are sturdy, have nice rubber grips and clear labeling.3.
The cups all pour well, even though there is not a discrete spout on the rim.Cons:1.
The one cup and half cup measures do not have intermediate markings for partial measures (e.g.
1/2 and 2/3 on the one cup measure).
Many of our previous measuring sets have this handy feature that helps prevent using more measuring cups (and therefore cleaning more cups) than necessary.2.
If the issues above don't bother you, they are great.
They're very heavy, easy to clean, and sturdy.The only drawback is that, like the picture, they're metal.
I would be careful measuring anything hot into them.
These cups are everything they claim to be and more.
Easy to use, uniquely shaped, and easy to read.
I love the clip for attachment or removal from the ring.
This OXO Good Grips Measuring cup set coordinates well with my stainless steel kitchen.
The cups nestle nicely and they clean up easily and do not stain.
I can throw these in the dishwasher unlike my many sets of plastic cups.
They are easy to remove from the hook and like most OXO products, seem to be made to be durable and long lasting.
I have been baking for a long time and have used the same measuring cups for years.
I have the one cup and the 1/3 cup left,so it was time for a new set.
I removed the cups from the ring because I like them separarte when I use them, and really don't find I need them all together.
They all go in the same drawer as my measuring spoons, so I know where to find them.
The color code makes it easy to identify each cup.
I usually dip the cup in the flour or sugar and use a knife to scrape off excess.
I expect to use these measuring cups for years of good baking!Recommended.
I have always been impressed with OXO's kitchen gadgets.
The measuring cups are sleek looking with an angled lip for easy ingredient pouring.
Easily detachable from the ring for single use.
The price might turn some customers off, but these are built to last for years so they are a good investment.
I don't see them denting anytime soon.The handle grip is also a nice addition.
I would say just buy with caution, knowing what you're getting.
I've never been disappointed with an OXO product, and these measuring cups "measure up" to the usual OXO standard.
They're a sturdy stainless steel, with great grips and clear markings.
I don't know my set is different than others, but the handles on my set don't easily bend.
They're dishwasher safe, and looked just as good after going through a cycle.
I especially like the ring that holds them together.
They stay on the ring when you want them to, but are easily detachable.
That alone is worth the price of admission.
Always well constructed with a nice looking design.
I tend to always search for OXO products first before going to other brands, as I find usually they seem to last longer than average.
They're measuring cups what can you really say about them?Are they accurate?  Yes.
I can attest they have resolved that problem, these cups are very sturdy and even have a little weight to them.
Stainless steel with rubberized handles, you would really have to work at it to damage or bend these cups.
I expect that they paint will eventually fade away.
Not a huge deal, but a bit of an inconvenience.
These measuring cups arrived right when I wanted to try a recipe for double chocolate chip cookies.
They worked well for measuring flour and sugar.
I noticed that the handles were very comfortable and the stainless steel was especially sturdy.
Usually the handles on my other measuring cups eventually break but these seem like they are going to last a very long time.
The older you get the more you appreciate comfort and these deliver.
I was happy to add this to my OXO collection.~The Rebecca Review.
They are made with one SOLID ring, and the cups THEMSELVES have slot openings that allow them to be removed from the ring.
They fit nicely in your hand, like so many other OXO products.3.
They are sturdy and come out looking great form the dishwasher4.
A number of the early reviews for this product noted that the handles for the cups bent easily when scooping.
The updated model deflects only slightly under normal use and it is certainly stronger than our other stainless steel measuring cups.
I like the shape of the cups very much.
They sit nicely on the counter and pour easily.
In typical OXO fashion, the handles have plenty of rubber.
I would have preferred plain stainless because it cleans faster, though these are dishwasher safe.
The OXO Good Grips Stainless Steal Measuring Cups are surprisingly heavy and well made.
The stainless steel cups I have used in the past have been thin, cheep steel and these are definitely not.
But I found my self preferring the plastic measurement cups over these because that are so heavy and over built.
They are very sturdy however and they clean out very easily.
Heavy duty measuring cups made from stainless steel.
No worries if you drop it, it won't break like a glass cup might.
Has molded non slip rubber handles with color coded unit marked on each cup.
Comes with the most popular sizes 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.
Comes with a handy hanging ring that holds all the cups and easily remove the one you need.
Satisfaction Guarantee: If for any reason your not satisfied return for repair, replacement or refund.
I like the color numbers so very easy to read.
They snap onto a ring and surprisingly they hold together very securely even when knocked around in the drawer.
I like the colorful printed measurements on the handle.
But, I can deal with that in return for the good function and great look of these.
Another thing that my wife liked was the fact that these come united by a plastic ring that keeps them from getting separated.
You can detach the measuring cups from the ring when you need to use them.No "cons" at this time.
Very nice quality, have enough grip area for anyone to use comfortably.
We have come to expect quality construction from Oxo, and these measuring cups are no disappointment.
They are solidly constructed and have the comfortable grips that are part of all Oxo gadgets.
The quality construction means that the measuring cups are noticeably heavier than my other measuring cups.
If I have my druthers (and why did I remember that old timely word?), I'll usually pick OXO over an unknown brand.
I thought I had discovered a very minor flaw, but realized it made the cups feel very solid resting on the counter.
I was very satisfied with my 20 year old plastic measuring cups, but now they feel cheap, flimsy and prone to tipping.
These stainless steel cups are prettier than my plastic ones.
And they are heavy and substantial enough that I expect them to be very long lasting.
I saw something about the handles mentioned but that must have been fixed.
The handles look just right and these should give years of use while matching stainless steel appliances in your kitchen.
There are great looking sturdy stainless steel measuring cups.
I have used them to measure items like flour and sugar as well as various liquids.
The handles are covered in thick plastic and did not exhibit any of the "bending" problem issues that other reviewers mentioned.
I got these cups to replace plastic ones that I had been using.
These, clearly, will not stain and the number is on a comfortable and easy to grip raised rubber handle.
Certainly any food you might measure would not weigh enough to damage them.
I never keep my measuring cups on a ring, but this design is a little more accommodating than the usual key chain style ring.
However, it is a little hard to get them on and off, so I wouldn't recommend doing it too much.
I think eventually the notches may widen and they won't stay on the ring, but this really isn't a concern for me.
I love these measuring cups!  The shape is excellent for scooping dry ingredients and pouring liquids.
The rubber grips are perfect because they don't irritate your hands no matter what you are using them for.
They are excellent for sticky substances and they clean up easily.
The only flaw that I have found in the design is that the handles are a bit flimsy and can bend a bit.
You just have to be careful with them and that's something that I never had to think about with my old plastic ones.
If they make the handles harder then the product would be perfect.
These stainless steel measuring cups have permanent, bright, measurement markings that are easily to read.
The cups snap onto a ring separately, and you can remove them one at a time.
Constructed of sturdy stainless steel for easy scooping and they rest flat on the counter for optimal and accurate filling.
Really nice, sturdy measuring cups with good grips.
The brushed steel is easy to clean and classy.
I love the stainless steel cups, the rubber handles, and the construction of the set.
They're holding up well, with both powders and liquids.
These are great cups for baking, measuring, etc.
We do a lot of cooking in our home, so we've done plenty with measuring cups.
The set comes with 4 different measurement cups, sizes 1 Cup, 1/2, 1/3 and 1/4.
All four attach to a sturdy plastic ring.Sturdy and easy to clean, these are a fantastic addition to our kitchen.
While we do not own a dishwasher, these are supposedly dishwasher safe with measurement labels that will not rub off after heavy use.
Whether these numerical labels will last over time remains to be seen.
We can detach each cup in turn and put them back on without opening the ring or pulling off every measuring  cup.
The cups don't come off super easy, but that's a plus since you don't want to dislodge all the cups accidentally.
This is a set of four cups - the standard 1-cup, 1/2-cup, 1/3-cup and 1/4-cup assortment.
I have an older set of Oxo plastic measuring cups, and the numbering did wear off of the grip.
I have a lot of good grips products and overall they have been a very dependable brand for great kitchen and household items.
There are four of them, all heavy stainless steel.
Each cup hooks on to a black, rubber ring and each snaps off of the ring for single use, if desired.
The cups have rubber, non-slip handles and can be cleaned in the dishwasher.
OXO comes through with another high-end kitchen utensil.
Comfortable to use and very easy to clean.
Oxo's 'Stainless Steel Measuring Cups' are a benign, everyday type of household item that in my books falls into this lifetime quality distinction.
Measuring cups....who knew?  Throw out your old, cheapo plastic set.
The markings are easy to read because the font is large and the color-coding helps too.
The shape is very useful, an excellent alternative to the usual straight-sided measuring cups.
The price is reasonable given the high quality.
If you are looking for a versatile, top-quality set of 4 measuring cups in the standard sizes, this set is a very fine choice.
This set of measuring cups by OXO has quickly replaced all the miscellaneous sets I've acquired over the years, including my plastic Pampered Chef ones.
These are very sturdy and have a weight to them that makes scooping and scraping easier.
I hated having to wash all the measuring cups after using just one of them.They stack neatly and take seconds to wash.
They do not have any measuring lines on the side, but I've never used those anyways so I prefer them without.
This is a set of 4, in sizes 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 and 1 cup.
The only thing that would make them better is if there was a 3/4 cup measure included.
OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups are just what one would expect from OXO.
Quality materials that feel good in ones hand.
As a baker, precision is key in making any cake, pie, cookie or tort.
This set includes four dry measuring cups, and I verified their measurements against two other sets, so they are trustworthy and true in their amounts.
Another minor concern is how the plastic keeper ring that each cup snaps onto to keep the set together will hold up over time.
Still, given the price, these are a good buy.
I like that these are on a ring to be kept together, though they are fairly difficult to remove from the ring.
The handles are a nice rubber for good gripping, and the measurements are in color on the handles.
I am not sure of the durability of the colors, it could rub off depending on how often you use or wash these.
They feel good in your hand, have a nice weight so they don't tip while being filled - unlike my old plastic cups.
I don't like the noise they make when they scrape together while on the ring, it's like nails on a chalkboard.
Definitely more durable than any plastic cups I have owned.
These are heavy-duty stainless, not chintzy tin, aluminum, or whatever they make that cheap stuff out of.
The handles don't bend under pressure and that's what I like.
I just received the OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups which are awesome!  They are heavy because they are stainless steel which I really like.
The cups are hooked together but can easily be removed to use as individual cups.
The handles are soft and easy to hold in your hand.
Just be careful because the dishwasher soap can leave them looking dull.
I prefer to have the shiny stainless steel look.
I am so happy to have another OXO brand kitchen product.
Hope if you purchase this set you will be as happy with them as I am!.
Measuring cups are measuring cups; however, these are superior.
First, because of the rubber grips, the size of the cup is clearly stamped for easy reading.
Second, the cups are on a ring, but removable for easy use and storage.
Finally, the cups' design has a stable bottom, so no worrying about tipping.
These are just about the stoutest measuring cups I've ever used.
These are not lightweight, thin-wall stainless measuring cups, the material is actually pretty substantial.
The OXO rubberized grips are, as always, very easy to hold and have a really positive grip to them.
This is much more convenient than having to unclip something (that eventually broke) like my old sets required.
These are my new favorite measuring cups, and they look great too, and are now hanging on my baking rack.
These are very nice looking measuring cups - much nicer looking than plastic ones.
The measuring amount is embedded on the rubber handles so it won't rub off like with plastic.
They sit flat on the counter and detach easily from the ring.
However, I am concerned about the durability of the rubber handles.
Despite them being "dishwasher safe," if you want these measuring cups to stay pristine, it might be best to hand wash them.
However, despite these issues, I think these are nice measuring cups and a good addition to any kitchen.
They are very strong and heavy and will last for a long time.
They are stainless steel, so cleanup is super easy, just throw them in the dishwasher - no rusting or warping.
The measure very accurately and make baking very simple.
I will be using these for years to come.
These measuring cups are solid, heavy stainless steel.
The capacity of them (often such a chore to see) is printed in bold, colored letters--easy to see even without my glasses.
The handles, though a bit short in my judgment, are of a non-slippery plastic and feel good in the hand.
Thanks, Amazon!UPDATE: I was wrong about the length of the handles.
Having used them now for a month or so, I see they're just right for greater torque.Buy these! They make kitchen life much easier.
They are thick walled, and would definitely stand up to a little heat if you needed to gently heat these on the stove top.
What I liked most about these was the way they can snap off and on the ring.
You can easily pull one cup out, use it, and place it back into the ring.
This way you can keep your set together and still use them individually.
I have lots of measuring cups scattered in my kitchen because I had to take the whole ring apart to use one cup.
Then came the task of putting them back together.
With this set you can pull apart what you need and easily place it back together.
This OXO measuring cup set is very sturdy and has durable, thick handles.
It would have been nice if the handles were smaller.
The cups are also designed so that the handles can be twisted off a ring that holds them together.
These are very good quality and offer a great, solid and comfortable feel.
I have had great luck with OXO products and can certainly recommend them to others.
Considering these are an upgrade from cheap plastic measuring cups, it would be hard not to enjoy the better quality.
They do bend a bit under duress, but again, compared to plastic which bends with anything, I have no problems with making adjustments to accomodate.
Also, the steel prevents microwave use, so there's that to consider.
Nonetheless, for my needs, these represent a high quality set I won't likely be replacing.
In the ten+ years since OXO introduced this design, they have made some important updates.
The styling is excellent, as is usual with OXO products.
The one improvement that I would suggest is some sort of measuring marks on the interior of the cups.
Having owned the original set of these OXO Stainless measuring cups, the biggest fault were the thin handles.
Well apparently OXO actually listens to their customers' suggestions because these newer models have much more sturdy handles.
I haven't been able to bend one yet.
Another improvement is the lip - the lips on the older models were straight cut and had a very sharp angled grind on them.
The new cups, while not rolled anything that extreme, have a slight outward lip which makes their edge much less extreme.
The cups are also graduated instead of at a straight 90 degree angle.
A subtle improvement, but a nice one.Otherwise everything else is pretty much the same.
The handles retain their "gripy" nature, the measurements written in color on the handle.
I look forward to using these for decades to come, just like their siblings.
I really appreciate the large, covered handles that identify the size and make using them easier and more comfortable.
Another nice feature is the slightly elongated shape of the cup to aid in scooping and pouring/emptying of the contents.
They are easily removed from the ring that keeps the set together and nest quite nicely to store.
I've had no problem with them bending when I've used them.
It's all too easy to settle for working with sub-par equipment.
First, there's nothing like stainless steel in the kitchen.
Now I don't feel like years' worth of.
is soaked into plastic and flavoring whatever I'm currently measuring.The design of these measuring cups is both practical and pleasing.
The "Good Grips" part of the product name refers to the comfortable and graspable rubber grips on the measuring cup handles.
The capacity of each cup is clearly and permanently marked in a bright color.
Measuring cups can be loosened from the connecting ring individually.
And the slightly rounded interior of the cups means there are no corners for food to get stuck in.
Why did it take me so long to make this simple switch?.
I have the OXO all-plastic measuring set, and it's pretty much the most used product in my kitchen.
So I was eager to get this stainless steel version to try!  And mostly, it didn't disappoint.
It just looks great, as most OXO prodcuts do.
This is because there are 6 sizes of them, and only 4 of the steel ones.
I actually do find myself using the 2/3 and 3/4 cups a lot, which are not included here.
Also, these do not have inner marking of intermediary sizes.
The steel ones don't, although I could still guess pretty well.
I guess it comes down to if you like very well made solid kitchen tools.
These are that, they look great and they measure fine.
But they aren't quite as user friendly as the less high level ones!.
Girls go for a guy who has stainless steel measuring cups.
And I feel like more of a man as well.
These are far superior to the cheap plastic ones I had picked up at the grocery store.
Plus each individual measuring cup comes undone easily, and hooks back on just as easily.
If you're looking for a classy addition to your kitchen, you can't go wrong with these OXO Good Grips Measuring Cups.
Each cup has a brightly colored measurement indicator on the rubberized handle and they are made of weighty stainless steel.
They can be snapped off of their ring and set on a counter easily due to the flat bottom of its design.
Another nice OXO product to add to the rest of the collection.
Also check out theOXO Good Grips Y Peelerfor another good offering of theirs.
These Oxo Good Grips measuring cups are a typical, good quality Oxo product.
They are made of sturdy stainless steel and have ergonomic rubber grips on the handles that are so typical of other Oxo products.
They are easy to remove and replace on the ring.
I've not had problems with bending of the handles, but then I tend not to abuse my cooking utensils.
I'm confident these measuring cups will hold up well over time with reasonable care and usage.
But they are a quality product, and you get what you pay for.
Like a piece of really good cookware, each of the wonderful measuring cups is made of a heavy stainless steel with solid construction.
The cups are heavy enough to sit without tipping over when you are filling them with ingredients.
Each cup has a durable, permanent and sturdy non-slip, easy-grip handle, and each handle has a permanent color-coded marker indicating the size of the cup.
I am not suggesting this to everyone, and you should always take precautions when working over heat, but it worked for me.
These are also dishwasher safe, and they look to me like they will last a lifetime.
This set of 4 measuring cups by OXO are of course high quality.
The are stainless steel with comfortable soft grips.
Each cup easily snaps on and off the included ring which keeps them neat and organized.
No doubt they'll last forever, and it's nice that they sit well on the counter but they are much heavier than others I have.
For quality and sturdiness I'd give them 5 stars, but due to the weight I had to deduct one.
Sturdy is the first word to describe Oxo's Good Grips set of measuring cups.
Oxo's measuring cups have soft grip handles which make them easy to grip and use.
The end of each cup has a curved notch to allow the cups to snap onto the ring, or to hang.
These are solid well constructed stainless steel measuring cups.
Of course they are accurate, but they are also comfortable to use.
Their rubber grips make them good to use when measuring wet ingredients, or when you hands are wet.
They also have a detectable plastic ring that can keep your cups together, or you can take them off and have them loose.
I have them attached to pegs on the inside of my cupboard so I don't need the ring, but it is handy to have.
We've purchased a couple other measuring cups sets on amazon, and these are by far the nicest.
The metal seems heavy duty, the black soft rubber handles have a nice feel, and the sizes are molded (not just printed) into the handles.
Also the color-coded size imprints help me quickly find the right cup at a glance.
They slip on and off the hard plastic ring with ease.Yes, it is possible to bend the handles if you really try.
plastic cups such asTrudeau 5-Piece Measuring-Cup SetorProgressive GT-3520 International 19-Piece Measuring Cup and Spoon Set; but if you want something cheaper try the Trudeau.
The grippy handles make them a joy to use without having to worry about narrow handles slipping out of your hand.
The quality far exceeds many similar items on the market.
With little care, they will last for years to come.
These stainless steel cups with the rubberized grips are fantastic.
What my wife commented on was the fact that there is no 2/3rds cup.
All the plastic cups we've owned always had 2/3rds.
I guess they feel you can just use the 1/3rd cup twice.
Makes sense.Over all, you won't be disappointed with this set.
However, because of the rubberized finger grips, they don't sit well within each other.
I find this cumbersome so I separated them and prefer to use each measuring cup individually.
When they are connected together, it's very cumbersome to remove one and put it back as well.
As usual OXO has a good, high quality kitchen tool here.
These cups are stainless steel and somewhat heavy, so they are definitely heavier duty and will stand up over time during your kitchen adventures.
That being said, it is still a plastic ring, so I'm expecting it to break at some point down the road.
These are so easy to read and use, and the shape is ergonomic and lets us scoop with ease.
These are great and I highly recommend them.
As it turns out, not every measuring cup is created equal.
Yes, they may all scoop out the same amount of flour, but not every kind will be this dishwasher-friendly, this sturdy, this long-lasting--or sexy.
Yes, I admit it, I find these measuring cups sexy.Seriously though, these guys have a heavy-duty weight to them that is very high-end.
The glossy stainless steel is attractive and prevents sticking.
The handles are a firm, with solid rubber with the measuring amount clearly written in bright numbers.
They're all kept together via a plastic ring that easily hooks and unhooks for storage convenience.
I very rarely EVER begin reviewing any product with 5 stars but this begs for it, deserves it, EARNS it.
I really need a full & complete set.
And the sizing is CLEAR on these and seems as if it will last.
I have the the older set form Christmas 2001.
It had horribly flimsy handles and soon lost the clear sizing info that rubbed off within a year or so.
I will happily take that slight "problem" given the extreme quality & durable feel of this newer set.
I suspect & would bet that this set will easily outlive me.
These are a nice set of measuring cups.
The rubber grips come in handy when my hands are wet and generally make them comfortable.
I expect these will end up lasting for generations if the coating on the end of the cups lasts.
These are good quality, heavy duty measuring cups with the tops wider than the bottom.
I feel that the slant/taper makes it easier to use these as scoops.
The rubber on the handles make it easy to grip and are comfortable, but it does add bulk when storing in the drawer.
Not a problem if you are careful and don't forget it is on the stove.
You get 4 sizes:  1 cup, 1/2 cup, 1/3, and 1/4.
It would be nice if there were more sizes and/or these had intermediate markings on the inside of these cups.
As it is, these are very sturdy, easy to use, easy to clean, easy to store, functional and beautiful measuring cups.
Plastic measuring cups are no longer an option for me after transitioning to stainless steel ones.
I purchased these along with the spoon set and whatever problems their were are now gone.
Measurement size is imbedded in the plastic, so no smearing, and now wearing off.
Also found the cups to be very sturdy and no longer flimsy like the previous generation seemed to be.
I tend to gravitate toward OXO products, as I have rarely ever had problems with any of them, and these cups are another success.
With most measuring cup and spoon sets, I immediately throw out the ring because it simply does not work well.
This is the first time I'll be keeping the loop holder.
I really like these cups and anticipate using them for many years to come.
Product strengthsDo they work?  Yes, they measure accurately.
I did not experience the tipping some others spoke of.
I like how easily I can read the cup size (on the handle) when I can't find my reading glasses.
These grips are a bit &#34;rougher&#34; in look and feel.
The stainless steel cups are not as smoothly turned as other stainless steel small bowls and cups I have.
These have a rough surface due to the excessive &#34;turn&#34; marks and grooves in the metal.
I give them 2 stars for aesthetics and 5 stars for function.
Measuring cups don't need to be magical or fancy.
They just need to work, be strong and be durable.
Looking at older reviews for this item, it appears OXO was in fact listening and strengthened the handles so the do not flex anymore.
Cooking is more enjoyable when even the simplest kitchen implements are of the highest quality.
They are attractive enough that you just might want to keep them on display.
My husband has DESTROYED about 4 different sets of measuring cups in the past 3 years.
him + those other cups + flour or sugar = BROKEN!!! These are a christmas gift and I fully inspected them upon their arrival.
These are very heavy, one piece, and the handles get wider as they transition to the cup.
If he breaks or bends these he won't be allowed in the kitchen anymore!!! LOL.
Will they measure better than the $1.99 version you can get at the grocery store?  No.
I have broken the handles off of plastic measuring cups, and I have bent the handles on many stainless steel verions.
I havent managed to break or bend this set though.These are great, durable, and look good.
I wasn't expecting these to be as good as they are.
Get these, they will last you a long time.
I never thought I'd wax poetic over a measuring cup but these even FEEL like quality.The material is heavy stainless steel.
The cup/handles are molded in one piece and the handles are covered in a soft non-slip material.
The numbers are molded and embedded in the handle so they will never wear off.
The OXO cups are stainless steel, and sturdy.
My old measuring cups not only had the standard measures (Cup,  Cup, etc.
) but also included millimeter lines for volume.
I make a lot of sauces and homemade jams and mustards and relied on the millimeter lines to get my measurements precise.
They are a great big solid scoop, and if scooping is all you are doing they might work for you.
I have owned many OXO products over the years.
They are always very reasonably priced and are well made of quality materials as is this set.
The stainless steel is of a heavy gauge and is carefully finished - the plastic handles are fully bonded.
I am a fan of Oxo products, but not just for comfort.
There is often a functional improvement involved in Oxo products that makes them worthwhile.
The large handle is just right for me.
My set of kitchen utensils were getting old and ugly looking.
I am so glad I pitched them and ordered this set.
each piece is heavy, think and so far very durable.
So far they are holding up to the challenge of working in the kitchen.
It's a good size, but not too big.
I bought this for lasagna and serving from casserole dishes.
Will also work great for cooking on a non-stick pan.
But once you find the room, they really are a pleasure to work with.
You can tell that they're well made, and they are quite comfortable to hold and work with.
I use this more stirring soups and sauces.
It is great and easy to clean (just toss it in the dishwasher).
OXO is also nice enough, yet simple, so you can use it as serveware for a casual dinner with friends.
The quality was exactly what I expected, though I have had a little melting with one spatula.
I think I might have left it leaning on a hot pan though, so no marks off for that.
My tool set looks good on my kitchen counter and it serves it s purpose.
These items are all made of good quality.
love OXO stuff and this utensils are great!! i own cuisinart, calphalon, and others.
these guys are very durable and do not bend when you are trying to stir something thick like my other ones do.
just before not to let it rest on the hot metal portions too long (it is still make of plastic and will melt).
Nice set of tools sturdy enough but yet light weight.
I use them all the time and clean up easily you need to get you a set.
Can't be much help on these other than they a nice size; part of a wedding basket I made up for a friend.
I have many other Oxo good grips products that have all held up pretty well, so I expect this one to be the same.
This spoon looks and feels pretty sturdy, so I shouldn't be disappointed.
I was surprised how big these items are, but quickly found that they work well and am very happy with the size.
They are well made, sturdy and feel good in the hand.
I expect these will outlast a lot of other items in my kitchen.
Both of them are fantastic, easily my favorites of the bunch.
Worth the price of admission alone!I think that says it all.
This would've been a bargain at twice the price, but the great value I got on it only seals the deal.
never used it for lasagna, but it's big enough to pick up two fried eggs at once, which is very convenient.
I like it, though it may be long and large for some people.
We have used it now several times and it does just what we want; moves spaghetti from the serving bowl to the individual dinner plates.
It feels good and secure in the hand and provides a good size serving in a single scoop.
It does what we wanted it for and are very pleased with the quality.
I love OXO products since they're nearly always ergonomically sound, comfortable to use, well-designed, and a good value.
It seems like a simple thing, but a good slotted spoon makes life easier, draining the water from vegetables like a pro.
You use tongs, a silicone spatula or wooden spoon (which is far thicker).I purchased this specifically because I needed something for my non-stick pots.
They are large but easily work with all my non-stick frying pans.
I needed a spoon with slots or holes for lifting vegetables, etc., out of water in non-stick pots.
I checked out the selection at the local WalMart and the ones they had either struck me as being overpriced (even for WalMart) or flimsy.
Plus, it's easy to wash, and unlike my stainless spoon, which has wood grips, this nylon spoon can be left sitting in a wet sink.
Based on my positive experiences with Oxo kitchen products, I'll look to them first next time I need a new kitchen gadget.
My collection of hard-anodized nonstick and glass-ceramic cookware keeps growing along with the need for the right kitchen tools.
This OXO Good Grips set delivers the goods.
The heat-resistant nylon pampers Circulon and prevents metal marks on CorningWare and Visions cookware.
Order theOXO Good Grips Nylon Ladleat the same time and you'll get everything with FREE Super Saver Shipping.
No spatula except an all steel one should be left in the oven or in a hot pan.
Even in that case I can't see leaving it in there since it would just get too hot to handle.
I use the spatula, then take the spatula out whenever I am done using it so I've never had a problem with melting.
Any other nylon spatula which would do the same thing if exposed to high heat for a long time.
I got this to use in pans I don't want scratched.
But it is way bigger than my OXO stainless lasagna turner.
It is one solid piece so you don't have to worry about it falling apart.
First off these utensils are HUGE, these aren't your average spatulas/spoons.
They are very sturdy and have held up well so far.
It has everything you could need for cooking with non stick cookware.
These tools are really great quality!  I have used them and have never had a nicer feeling tool in my hand while cooking.
They are well worth the money!  I would buy them again for a gift and would recommend them to anyone!.
If you want to serve a perfect dish of spaghetti or noodles, I highly recommend this kitchen tool.
It will keep the pasta untangled and aids greatly in transferring the pasta from pot to serving dish.
The pasta won't break, meaning the pasta stays attractive.
This is absolutely one of my favorite kitchen gadgets!.
I searched Amazon products and found this great spoon.
I ordered it, it arrived promptly and I love it.
I was unable to find it the stores so I ordered it through Amazon.
Its nice heavy weight great to cook with and you can tell it will last forever.
This spoon is the favorite one on my utensil rack.
It's sturdy, easy to hold, and the handle's long enough I don't have to get too close to the boiling pot when I use it.
If it did, it would be five stars.
We have not been disappointed with any of the OXO Good Grips items we have purchased.
The grip is perfect for stable working with foods of all kinds.
We will buy from this company again (if the ones we got ever wear out).
Solid products and a good buy compared to the cheap ones also on the market for non-stick cookware.
I literally have like all of their kitchen tools.
Super sturdy, and things don't stick to them like they do other kitchen tool brands.
Also I love that they don't melt away,  Nice quality and don't bend when you are turning something heavy.
Perfect, specially since I spend 70% of my time cooking my life away.
It has a nice long handle with a comfortable rubber grip.
The spatula has a broad surface, the better to flip things that might otherwise fall apart.
It doesn't scratch my non-stick cookware and doesn't melt at high temperatures.
My other spatulas just don't compare.___________________UPDATE 4/20/14:  I still have this spatula.
I live alone and tend to avoid any complications in food prep and cleanup.
I make lots of soup in the microwave using large 2 qt pyrex measuring cups or on the stove using non-stick pots.
I have several spatulas and spoons for cooking but I prefer a spoon of no scratch materials.
This spoon is large enough for a good sized pot of soup, pasta, rice, potatoes or grits.
The recipient was delighted with this tool (along with some others) as she serves spaghetti often.
the item arrived quickly and was well packaged.
The item appears very sturdy and i expect it will last a long time.
The shaft never bends under a heavy load.
I purchased the "Oxo Good Grips Nylon Slotted Spoon" from Amazon recently and we could not cook without it.
Oxo makes the most comfortable handles of any kitchen tool company.
Even if you don't have arthritis this will be easier to use and does not slip wet or dry.
After six months use, I'd recommend it highly.
Weve been using these for over a year and they are great! Hold up well to every day cooking use.
When my spoon holder is dirty, I generally lay the spoon or spatula across the pan.
Cheaper products tend to get flimsy from the heat, and become difficult to work with.
These tolerate the heat well and continue to work as they are supposed to.
Not much to review - it's a cooking/serving spoon.
However, in my opinion, it's too tall for every day use.
Therefore, I only use for my "big pots".
These works well, but the handles are so big, you could use two hands.
Perfect if you wish to accessorize your cauldron.
This is exactly what I was looking for.
But this one does the job very nicely.
I had been looking for plastic fork for quite some time.
They used to come as part of a set for teflon coated pots/pans.
I finally came across the OXO fork, the product is hefty, and does the job.
When a tool works the way it is supposed to, you have to give it a good rating, at least nowadays.
This does the trick for what I needed.
This fork is great for working with non-stick pans.
I would recommend it to my family and friends.
This fork is just prefect for all kinds of kitchen jobs.
Plus it easy to clean, no nooks or cranies.
I'm a fan of OXO products and this ladle didn't disappoint.
I've used it for everything from punch to chili without issue.
Cleans up well and the grip is great.
Can't get too excited about a ladle, but this one fits the bill and looks stylish to boot!.
These works well, but the handles are so big, you could use two hands.
Not very expensive and fits well in my kitchen with the rest of the Oxo products I have.
I got this ladle primarily for soups and it does what it's supposed to do.
It's slightly larger than the ladle it replaced and needs to be stored in a utensil crock.
I like that it's black, as its not susceptible to staining like my old white one was.
I like the fact that this ladle is long and sturdy.
Most of the ladle these days are significantly shorter and flimzy.
Only downside is that it's hard to fit into a drawer.
I purchased the "Oxo Good Grips Nylon Ladle" from Amazon and we love it.
Great for serving soups and I can't say it enough, Oxo makes the very best most comfortable handles of any kitchen tool company.
Even if you don't have arthritis this will be easier to use and does not slip wet or dry.
This ladle is just the right size for dipping soups, stews, etc.
It is ergonomic and I would recommend it to family and friends.
Works OK with my medium-size wok, but I have to be careful not to push food over the side.
I have another Good Grips turner that I like better.
Finally, a quality turner/spatula for use in non-stick woks.
I would give it four stars if the handle were a bit stiffer.
I love OXO products for their quality and design, but an asian turner is something I will stick with in steel.
I have both this nylon turner and the OXO steel stainless steel asian turner.
To each's own but i do reccommend a stainless wok and a stainless metal turner.
The reason I purchased this was because I have a non-stick Wok.
They work very good and clean up is awesome.
I just purchased another so I have 2 on hand.
I purchased the "Oxon Good Grips Nylon Asian Turner" and a few more Oxon tools.
I like them better than the all metal ones and if you are using non-stick surfaces or cast iron this is perfect.
It does MELT if left in a HOT iron Skillet.
Mine suffered a small melt at contact point on Iron Skillet, but still funcitions great.
I love to make home style mashed potatoes using red potatoes and leaving the skin on.
The only complaint here that is of concern is cleaning.
I really haven't had any problems cleaning it.
Perhaps with a dishwasher it is more difficult.
It is easy to use even for my mom who has touch of arthritis in her hands.
Must have for all non stick pans...Why compromise and get scratches when this is as good as a metal one.
Teflon/Nonstick Cookware coatings scare me, and I wanted to make mashed potatoes, but was afraid to use my metal masher in my nice nonstick cookware.
I have purchased more Nylon products to protect my nonstick cookware and my health.
We bought this to replace a cheaper pie server and was very pleased with the build quality and design Oxo put into this.
No issues washing it and it just feels secure when serving pie.
The ribbed side of this piece really does come into handy as well.
Be careful with it though as it is sharp.
I have already used, and dishwasher washed this pie server a number of times.
It is well made, and I like the rubberized handle grip.
This is not the most beautiful pie server ever made, but it is perhaps one of the most functional.
Very well designed and made, and comfortable to hold.
It is totally practical, and I recommend it.
I love all of Oxo's Soft Grips products.
The handles are a good size and they seem to have taken left handed people into consideration when designing their product.
What more can I say about a pie server?!? It serves cake well, too.
I chose this rating for the help in the kitchen that this kitchen pie server by OXO delivers.
my pie is sliced thinly easily with this tool.
Great pie server with cerrated side - very sturdy, washes in dishwasher with no problems.
I ordered this pie server to use in serving cream pies.
I also use it for Pommes Anna, etc.
have used this pie server for many pies, cakes, cookies; but works best for pies; love the grips handle on all oxo tools.
I was surprised at how thin the metal was on this.
But upon using, I realized the flexible spring steel is actually a key part of this pie server's functionality.
It is firm vertically for cutting, but flexible laterally when scooping into the pie.
It's nothing beautiful but works like a charm.
Great to have a pie server and cutter all in one instrument.
Yes, I highly recommend this product to others.
Whenever I am in need of a kitchen utensil, I usually look at the OXO brand first.
The very first time I used it I noted lots of flexibility at the point where the handle meets the spade.
I wondered how long it would last.Three years turns out to be the answer.
I was mid-way cutting up a cheesecake for serving when it snapped.When I searched for a replacement, I found OXO now offers two models.
Since I'd already tried the other, I chose this one as it's replacement.
Be careful with the edges as they are very  sharp and will cut easily.
Cuts on both sides, (great for lefties like me) and you can saw cake with it, too, if necessary.
Can't really think of any cons, so far.
I wanted a pie server that could also be used to cut the pie.
I use this pie server for pies, cakes, and even to serve pizza's.
it is of good quality, strong but thin, comfortable to hold, and used for generous portions.
It is a wonderful, affordable addition to my kitchen that makes serving such time consuming desserts a graceful treat.
I bought this to help me because my fingers don't grasp as well as they used to.
I actually used this for lasagna and it cut through it easily and was easy to serve.
I also used it for cake but we haven't tried it with pie yet.
Unless, like us, you try to serve it with a regular knife and then have to scrape the leftovers onto your plate.
OXO tools are well built and easy to use and this server is no exception.
Replaced two (2) &#34;cheap&#34; pie servers, which I have had for the last ten (10) years.
Glad to say pie wasn't all over the place.
I really like this, but it's a little expensive.
Couldn't find a pie scoop in any stores around here, so had to buy it here.
Small enough and good-looking enough to leave on the table with other silvers.
Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced.
Pretty good value, and very good quality at this price.
First, it's slightly shorter and wider than most pie servers and it held a piece of pie better than the longer, thin servers.
The serrated edge is subtle but so effective going through pie and quiche crusts.
I needed a thin, slender spatula and this one fit the bill.
No complaints and I would recommend this product to others.
sleek is what you can describe this kitchen utensil as.
the grip is great, the size is perfect for flipping pancakes, eggs, and fish...the size is great  so that foods dont tear while being flipped.
i think its an important utensil to keep in any kitchen.
as with all oxo products, it was well worth what i paid for it.
This serving spatula is well made, has a great feel, and a solid grip plus it even looks great.
This essential kitchen spatula makes the art of flipping delicate dishes a snap.
It is smaller than it looks in the picture.
I use it all the time and LOVE it.
Great for serving casseroles and any heavy pie or dessert.
I find myself using this more often than I thought I would!.
I love this handle design and wish I could find more kitchen items like it.
OK - I know - "its just a spatula".
But this one feels good in the hand, and it actually works for pretty much anything you need a spatula for.
We always reach for this one first for everything except a fried egg (which a more flexible spatula works better with).
I would buy this one again in a heart beat.
Oxo has quickly become one of my favorite purveyors of kitchen products.
I have never bought anything bad from them and this serving spatula is no exception.
The handle is rubber and easy on the hands..the metal is high grade..they're dishwasher safe....need I go on????.
Our favorite flipper had a wood handle and I did not want to put it in the dishwasher (supposed to be bad thing?).
When I saw this I knew I could use it in place of the old one.
It works perfect, size is good for most food.
I donated the other one and am happy to have one less thing to hand wash after dinner.
It has a rather sharp edge which makes unsticking things from the pan neat and easy.
The width is perfect for serving casserole, lasagna, cake and burgers.
Bought this because using a regular spatula to serve food like cake or lasagna is a hassle.
Didn't know serving spatula's existed but I wasn't surprised.
The only problem is getting them out of the pan.
Our spatulas are all too big, and getting them out with a butter knife only crumbled them.
This is just what she needed to get under those brownies.
It would have been easier to move into mom's place than to buy all of her stuff one item at a time.
But, this is a very good item to have.
This was purchased to replace a spatula that was probably 40 years old and had seen better days.
We have generally been happy with all OXO products.
My husband has big hands and likes everything to be big.
I've been needing a good strong cooking and serving spoon for a long time.
This has a stay cool handle, is strong and won't bend and is nice and shiney and looks like it won't corrode or stain.
It's the perfect size for stirring a pot of soup or gravy or dishing up food for serving.
The handle is long enough to use in my largest pot.
I feel the price was right and will be getting another one.
The Oxo Grips Steel Serving Spoon is very versatile & easy to use.
I love everything OXO and this serving spoon is good-looking and a different size than what I already have.
Nice stainless and I love the rubber handle.
This spoon is perfect for my arthritic hands.
It seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others.
I got tired of flimsy plastic spoons bending under any weight.
First off I have to say that I love this spoon, even though I thought I was ordering a different design.
As others have mentioned, this is a serving spoon, and a fine one at that.
Bottom line, you can never have too many serving spoons, and this one will last forever.
I bought this specifically for my cast iron frying pan & it works really well.
I've had it forever and it's still going strong, no rust, nothing.
Works great, flipping every burger I can produce.
This turner is versatile, easy to use, and handy.
I use a shorter and stronger turner to scrape off crust in a pan.
we are very impressed by the OXO Good Grips utensils for the comfortable handles, quality construction looks and price.
Works great at getting larger food out of a baking dish and flipping food in a pan.
Great for cooks with larger hands too -- guys.
My 30-year old ECKO/Flint died from regular use; a worthy tool.
I have Flint/ECKO and OXO and Farberware and a few other brands, collected over the years.
I compare all to the sturdiness and usability of the Flint; OXO has moved up to a close second place, or better.
I wish it would have had a straight leading edge for scraping clean skillets/pans but it great for sliding under food items.
the oxo good grips stainless steel turner is an excellent buy.
the product is great for use in pans that do not have a teflon type coating.
this is a very good spatula to use with stainless steel or iron skillets.
It is sturdy and I use it everyday.
I wanted a metal spatula for use when making cookies.
This one has a great grip and feels wonderful in the hand.
The size is just right and fits in my segmented drawer very well.
This is another item recommended by America's Test Kitchen that really hits the mark!  It is JUST the right size.
I have lots of turners of various types and sizes and this is my new favorite.
This spatula is very well made and the handle grips so that it is easy to use and safe.
I use it every day and I know it will last for years to come.
I recently changed all my cookware to stainless steel and this tool adds to the joy of cooking in it! - F.
It is medium width with a good thick handled grip so you don't feel like it will slip out of your hands.
It seems put together well and still looks as good as new for us, after 20 dishwasher trips.
It is thick enough that it doesn't bend when trying to use it.
I would recommend this unless you are looking for a wider spatula, say to turn large pancakes or omelets.
WELL MADE BUT STILL NEED A SMALLER ONE.
More expensive than the plastic models but this is far superior than the cheaper ones in every way.
Just an outstanding product that no one will regret purchasing.
A wonderful addition to my kitchen and worth every single cent it cost.
Works great and has absolutely no negative features.
Buy it and you will never be sorry.
Oxo has outdone itself with this utensil and I will seek out their brand of excellent products in the future.
Outstanding in all ways and exceeds all my expectations of what a turner can be.
I can't believe I ever used a plastic turner in the past when this model was available.
A superb turner of incredible quality and superior engineering design.
Congratulations for producing a turner that offers such peace of mind and effectiveness in purpose.
I relley like this item, its just the right size.
It's strong, appears to be extremely well made, and makes me wish I'd ordered one like this long ago.
The handle is comfortable and doesn't look like it'll ever come loose, unlike the spatula this one replaces.
It has worked well and has held up to months of use.
It is a fine spatula, though:  sturdy, turns chops well, generally does the job.
It is a little longer than I expected, and the metal lacks flexibility, if that is what you are looking for.
The end is curved somewhat: if it were straight, the pan-scraping function would be improved.
Nevertheless, this will be a very useful tool.
I received this turner today and wasnt surprised about the quality because I have tons of oxo good grips kitchen utencils.
The rubber handle is easy on the hands and the steel turner is thick and durable.
This is a nice light weight Steel turner.
The grip is really nice for cooking and you can tell its a well made item.
This spatula is a solid one that works well in cooking things.
So far, I've mainly used it to turn meat when frying or sauteing food on the cooktop.
It replaced a really cheap one and my husband laughed when he saw it because it was so much more solid than the previous one.
I told him we would be passing it on to someone in our will!.
Nice look and feel to this spatula but really too big for cooking mostly in smaller size saute or frying pans.
Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years.
This is really well made and I love the handle, but it's much bigger than I thought it would be!.
Bought this to use in my cast iron pans.
This spatula works great and is a perfect size.
It works great for my morning eggs and flapjacks.
Have used weekly and dishwashed and had no issues in over a year.
Came in a timely manner, looks like it's good quality and strong!  Can't wait to start using it, stainless doesn't look like it will rust.
This spatula has a perfect design - its grip is terrific.
It makes it easy to turn pancakes etc in a pan.
Will last for years, as I do not want to buy another one anytime soon.
I was tired of buying cheap spatulas that broke at the weld after a few uses.
So far, this spatula is exactly what I expected.
It has no weld between the turner and handle to break and it doesn't bend when I press down on a hamburger.
The last stainless steel turner I had got rusty even though I washed it right away....this one doesn't! So far I'm satisfied!.
You have to love the durability of stainless steel.
Don't use it with a non-stick pan unless you want to ruin the coating.
The handle is comfortable and (so far) has not melted when left on the side of a hot pan.
OXO is such a great brand of cookware.
Everything is very nice quality and for a decent price.
Great turner for meat, fish, eggs or anything else you need.
And cleans up as if I just unwrapped it.
I love the weight and feel of this cooking tool, especially the handle.
This is a well-made turner that I look forward to using for a long time to come.
I've been slowly replacing all the junk tools in my very busy kitchen (2-3 meals a day) with new and GOOD, Hard working tools.
I Love this OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Turner.
It's great in skillets but ALSO works well on my grill.
It's a basic, hard working, strong and well-built stainless steel turner.
I am sure there must be a dozen worthy spatulas, but this is the one I picked and I am quite happy with it.
By the way, I hand wash it, never in the dishwasher.
I was looking for something larger than my little plastic one, and this one is very nice.
Unfortunately, because it is stainless steel I can't use it on my griddle because it scratches the surface of it.
Haven't used it yet but I can tell it is made very well and has a great handle.
I already threw out my old spatula because I can already tell that I am going to love this spatula!.
I recently took all of our old kitchen utensils and replaced them with OXO Grips and everyone of the OXO name items.
The insulated handles are great, and with the construction looks great.
This is just wonderful!  I have arthritis and the cushioning in the handle is perfect for me.
It's OXO...what more can i say? Grip is terrific, size of spoon is as needed, and quality is as expected.
Its impossible to buy bad stuff from oxo.
I love their rubber handled utencils...They are easy on the hands and are dishwasher safe.
The metal is thick and of real quality.
Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years.
I bought 4 of the OXO Good Grips items for my daughter for Mothers Day and she just loved all of them.
I knew I loved all my serving and cooking pieces, I hoped she would also.
Along with all her other items, she was thrilled.
That made both of us Happy Campers alone with some celebrating with some good eats.
Once they came I was thrilled with the decision.
These will last as long as I do and through some heavy-duty casseroles and bread dough scooping.
I have been looking for a good spoon to mix potato salad, cookies, cakes, etc.
The spoon is well made and the soft grip helps prevent stress and fatigue in my hand and wrist.
Made of stainless steel, has a nice balance and strong for most home applications.
It can be fairly easily bent, so it's not really appropriate for heavy duty commercial use.
I am a huge fan of wooden spoons.
The only issue with wooden spoons is, after enough washes, the wood starts to split.
I was a little hesitant to switch to a steel spoon, but I figured oxo, it's got to be good.
Besides my favorite comfort handle, I use this spoon for pretty much everything from cooking to serving.
I know it's not the nicest spoon to serve with, but I have gotten only compliments.
The spoon is well designed and comfortable to use, & I appreciate the rubber handle.
But that same feature makes it inappropriate for company.
This slotted spoon is easy to handle with it's special grip.
It's on the heavier side, but that's good and just the way I want things to be made.
I hate it when utensils are too light and feel flimsy and like they're going to break with too much use.
This one is going to last a long time!  The handle has a great grip and is easy to hold on to.
These are the best kitchen utensils I've ever had/used plan on owning them all as soon as i can you will not be disappointed.
Love this spoon!  Nicely made...not cheaply made...handle is very comfortable and the size and shape of the spoon holds a good amount.
I test others and always revert back to oxo.
Capacity of ladle is as needed, the grip is good, and it hasn't discolored yet!.
I just love all my OXO products and this ladle didn't disappoint me.
I bought this ladle for my daughter since I liked mine so much.
I just want a ladle that will scoop a good helping.
The grip is great and the helping is perfect.
I love oxo handles! They are so comfortable to do kitchen work.
My only complaint is that the handle is a bit short for a ladle.
It tends to fall into my soup, since my soup pot is super deep.
It is standard, well built and does the job.
What else should I say to satisfy the number of words required per review?.
Every one of the stainless cookware items particularly are honestly great and the price is about the best you'll find for utensils of this quality.
I like that it has a bit of a rim to it, which keeps stuff from sliding back off into the pot.
Great for fishing deep fried foods out of the oil, cooked pasta out of the pot, and dumplings out of boiling water.
The smoothness of this skimmer also allows for very easy cleaning (unlike the wire ones where food gets stuck in the tiny twists).
THe handle is comfortable to hold and heat resistant.
Simply a great product! Another winner from OXO!.
Product is solid and performs its functions as expected.
Looked all over stores for this , but all i could find was the flimsy plastic ones.
Great skimmer...well made and handy for a variety of purposes.
Terrific for deep frying and can be used like a spider.
I love this skimmer! It works well to take out anything from a pot.
I use it a lot--especially to remove meatballs from my home made sauce.
It washes well in the dishwasher and never rusts!.
Perfect for skimming; Very useful when I am canning - just finished making apple juice and apple jelly and found this invaluable.
I so missed the broken skimmer I had for years that came with my wok, and finally ordered this one.
It is typical of OXO utensils....sturdy and well-made.
So happy to have this upgrade and know it will give me years of good use.
This skimmer is large enough to use in my deep fryer and fits well in most of my pots and pans.
I like this much better than the concentric circle design of other skimmers which don't work well with many foods.
This skimmer has wholes to let liquid go through without losing the food you are straining.
It is a good  size, comfortable handle, looks cute in your hand.
Have used it many times so far and no problems.
Does what I had expected it would do.
I didn't think I would need a skimmer.
I figured I would use a slotted spoon, but the skimmer makes it to much easier when frying.
As usual, it has my favorite oxo comfort handle.
I strained macaroni & medium shells pasta with this.
The best thing being that you can take the entire batch out of the oil in one scoop.
The 4" size is just right, not large & not small.
I love stainless steel utensils coz they are always safe.
The first thing to note when using a French press is that it's extremely important to grind the beans to the correct degree.
If they are too fine, you will end up with a cup of sludge.
It is also important to note that the longer the press sits with coffee and water in it, the stronger the drink will be.
I have a nice Bodum glass teapot but I actually prefer using my Bonjour press when I make loose tea.
It's seems to be holding up well to regular use, I'm very happy with the quality.
It was a bigger upgrade than I imagined it would be.
The filter worked great, no wasted coffee in the bottom to avoid getting a mouthful of grinds and it pressed incredibly easily and smoothly.
I also like how it seemed to class up my dorm's kitchen counter, it just plain looks fancy.
My 8 year old Bonjour finally fell apart, and I mean fell apart, the plastic plunger disc broke in three pieces [new is all metal].
When I bought this unit it was labeled 3 cups and held a little more than 3 cups.
I looked on Amazon and found a 3 cup press.
Bought it and was hugely disappointed when I opened the box.
The store was honest to place description labels next to each press identifying each as holding up to 3.5 cups, not 8 cups.
Everything is identical - even screen mesh - between the two presses except for the spiral wire around the edge top of the plunger screen.
The Bonjour wire is finer and tightly wound where the Bodum wire is thicker, wider & loosely wound.
This is the only reason I went with the Bonjour.
I knocked 1* off for the misleading advertisement.
YMMV.Note that there is a fill line on the glass.
The Aerolatte was my first attempt at a home frother.
I found that it worked erratically, but was useful enough.
A friend recommended I try the BonJour.The Caffee Froth requires no batteries, produces dependable froth, and is fun to use.
I enjoy using it, and find myself finding new uses for frothed milk.It's a very elegant device!.
Forget those $100-plus frothers that are complicated to use and clean.
The BonJour Caffe Milk Frother is perfect:  easy to use, easy to store, easy to clean, with no plastic parts on the main unit.
My advice to BonJour:  ditch the plastic spoon altogether or offer a frother with a stainless steel spoon.
The glass is not fragile, far from it.
This is a very sturdy piece of equipment and the rubber base provides extra protection for the glass while pumping the unit.
Clean up is a breeze, soon as the plunger comes out, I run it under hot water and inside of 10 seconds, I'm done.
This product works great!  It even froths 2% milk.
I've ordered a replacement carafe and a spare complete unit.
This frother is a must for the serious coffee drinker.Dec.
25, 2013:  I have just broken my 2nd, and last, glass carafe in 6 months.
Clumsy oafs are not to be trusted with thin glass.
I am ordering the HIC stainless steel frother.
Glass is rather &#34;thin&#34; so I figure you must be extremely careful or you'll break it.
Actually works better than my espresso machine's steam wand.and doesn't introduce additional water.
What I LOVE about shopping at Amazon is being able to read all the reviews before I make a decision about buying something.
And after reading all the raves about the Bonjour Caffe Froth Turbo, I bought one.
Everyone who loves it is absolutely right! It's fast, makes the greatest froth, and couldn't be easier to use or to clean.
Even if you've got a very expensive espresso maker the Bonjour Caffe Froth Turbo will be a welcome addition to your coffeemaking ritual.
This frother works great and has more power than others I have owned,go for it!.
Ok, now I ordered this on a whim.
I wondered if it were really froth I didn't like or steamed milk.
This little thing froths up the half and half I use in my coffee like nobody's business.
I think if I let it whip much longer I'd get whipped cream.
Anyhow, for frothing/blending this little gadget is GREAT - only thing I would do different is make the wand a little longer.
RECENTLY I GOT A BRAIN STORM AFTER SPENDING ALMOST $4.00 A CRACK FOR A VENTI LATTE @ THE KING OF ESPRESSO BARS,"S--------".
WHY NOT JUST USE MY STANDARD DRIP CUISINART TO MAKE SOME REALLY GOOD ESPRESSO, THEN FIND A FROTHER FOR THE MILK.
BINGO! BON JOUR! THIS BABY WORKS JUST GREAT!!!!!!!IT'S GOT THE POWER,IT'S QUICK,TAKES NO ROOM, AND IS A CINCH TO CLEAN!!!  JUST MAKE 2 C.
OF ESPRESSO,& WHILE THAT'S DRIPPING, POUR 6 OZ.
OF MILK [I USE 1%] INTO A 2 CUP GLASS PYREX MEASURE, BON JOUR IT FOR PROBABLY 15 SECS.
Secondly, it's great for emulsifying powder-based drinks, such as hot cocoa or protein shakes.
Lastly, it's compact, fits nicely in a kitchen drawer and makes a great kitchen/bar bridal shower gift.
It's the bomb! Get it, use it, wonder how you lived without it.
easy on my latex free dishwashing gloves which are not cheap.2.
a bit tricky at first, but a breeze now3.
The blade does not get gooky with dried food and require cleaning4.
as easy to crank as any other manuel.
even works on pop-top cansWhat I don't like - keep your old manual around1.
does not work on all cans, especially those really small2.
I wanted a manual can opener that would help encourage me to recylce more.As far as durability, I'll have to wait and see.
Just got it for Christmas 2009.10/2011 I still love this and it has held up very well.
The Kuhn Rikon can opener is a  durable, quality-contstructed kitchen tool that I wouldn't be without now that I've had mine for a few months.
After only a few tries, though, it became second nature.
Do what I do:  save time by pulling apart the lid from the body with your two hands instead.-Andrea, aka Merribelle.
I don't like electrics and have tried many hand models - this one is a real winner...get yourself one.
You will be SO glad you did ;~)).
It is easy to put on and take off.
Why this can opener is so good is because of how it works and the quality of the product.
This can opener you place on top of the can and it separates the top of the can from the can cylinder.
Contrary to the language used in the Amazon review, the can opener does not depend on cutting.
The Kuhn Rikon Safety Lid Lifter depends on breaking the seal between the lid and the can.The knob that you turn rotates a knurled wheel.
When pinched on a can, it is forced into contact with the inside edge of the can lid.
Once you get used to it, you automatically push down lightly on the turning knob as you close the grips.
If you can't do that, you probably don't want this can opener.
We've had one of these for years and just loved it.
It is SO much better and cleaner than the old type.
When my daughter and her husband needed one, we bought them one as well and they also really like it.
It does take a few tries to learn how to use it but after you learn, it's no problem at all.
The old type can opener gets dirty every time you open a can, and this on does not- that the best feature of all.
but i'll never go back to the standard openers.
i've had mine for 2 years and have yet to find a can it couldn't open (ok, i'll admit i haven't tried rectangular sardine cans).
another advantage is that you can re-use the top to cover the can if you are using only part of the contents.
We've had our Kuhn-Rikon opener for several years now, and we love it.
It's easy to use, leaves a clean cut in the side of the lid seal, and is today as good as new.
It's easy to position, cuts well, no sharp edges.
The problem I had was that it takes at least twice the hand force than a regular opener.
This is definitely not for people who have hand problems.
I have had, and used a great deal, this can opener for somewhere between four and five years.
Not only is it just like new still, but I still love it.
After seeing a guy on late-night TV open can after can with one of these things, I just had to try one for myself.
First, it's not that much harder to turn than a standard opener.
While I don't have arthritis, or anything like that, I've noticed no increased effort with this thing.
And, as advertised, it leaves no sharp edges, and you can put the lid back on the can for storage, which is kind of cool.
And even though I've had mine awhile now, I still find it difficult to get the opener positioned properly.
This can opener works as the packaging described.
There are no sharp edges on the opener itself or the can after it has been opened.
I was disappointed by the fact that I saw the same opener at a local store for less than what I paid on Amazon.
There's a learning curve to doing this consistently right.My previous side openers had a very short life span, even as short as a month.
In two months of use, this opener is still tight with no slop at all.
I think it will last a long long time.
This Kuhn Rikon Auto Deluxe Safety LidLifter seems well built.
It does take a little getting used to but once you've got the hang of it, it's a great product!Would recommend.
This is well built, easy to use, and is able to open cans without creating sharp edges.
I preferred the Rosle quite a bit but this one is still good.
To drop the lid, you simply turn the handle backwards a quarter turn and the lid is released into whatever receptacle is waiting below it.
If these economic times make you want to save money where you can, then this is a very good alternative for half the price.
It is easy to use and I like its metal construction.
For years I have had the Krups electric version of this type of can opener and wanted a manual.
I have seen another can opener in plastic that is almost identical to this design- I will stick to the original.
I am a fan of Kuhn Rikon products.
Having tried their pots, pans, and pressure cookers, I figured I couldn't go wrong with this item.
Once again Kuhn Rikon has developed an outstanding product.
In fact, it worked so well that I went ahead and bought their easy-to-clean garlic press as well.
With everyone recycling more and more I often worried about the sharp tuna fish can edges and the like.
Well,thanks to this can opener, I no longer have sharp edges, just smooth, beautiful edges.
The can opener doesn't even touch the food.
I have nothing bad to say about the operation of this can opener - it is perfect.
This is the can opener you need for the 21st century and beyond!.
So, now I like this product a lot more.
You can tell that you've reached where you started when it clicks and moves with much less pressure.
As mentioned previously, this can-opener opens cans through the side of the rim, not cutting through the top.
This ensures no sharp edges; though it's a bit harder to turn, (if I had arthritis, this would not be my opener of choice).
Though initially expensive, you get what you pay for in this case.
Kuhn Rikon quality and durability that has lasted me 6 years, (and still running), coupled with classic good-looks.
There is no can opener I have ever used that comes close to my Deluxe Kuhn in ergonomics/ease of use.
Perhaps it is the fact that it turns in the horizontal instead of the vertical plane that causes problems for some people.
Greatly reduces spill and overflow in opening cans.4.
Big shiny handle with red tip makes it easy to find in drawer.5.
No sharp edges on top after removal--a nice safety factor.6.
It's a no brainer to use.Better than electric in my opinion.
Cleaner, takes less space, just as easy to use.
It is so easy and safe to use.It does everything that it is advertised for  :-).I definitely recommend it to everyone.
It's easy to turn...and isn't too difficult to figure out how to use (unlike the Rosle).I love it.
This is the best hand held can opener we ever used.
This unit looks so weak and unable to handle the job, but that is just the image.
We had another, much more expensive opener that just stopped doing a good job after a year.
This was so cheap compared that I was afraid to try but went ahead with it because of reviews.
I recommend this can opener to anyone who opens more than five cans a year.
The first time I used this device I thought nothing had happened.
It is so effortless I thought it had not worked.
One time around and the top of the can is ready to be lifted off.
There are  NO SHARP EDGES & NO NEED TO DIG THE TOP OUT OF the sauce or what ever.
In fact one of the best things about this can opener is that it does not touch the content of the can.
No mess to create food deposits and stain plus no clean up of the mess.
This is a small step in the advancement of cooking chores but for me it is leap from the old super market .25 cent kind.
Why this can opener is so good is because of how it works and the quality of the product.
This can opener you place on top of the can and it separates the top of the can from the can cylinder.
Contrary to the language used in the Amazon review, the can opener does not depend on cutting.
The Kuhn Rikon Safety Lid Lifter depends on breaking the seal between the lid and the can.The knob that you turn rotates a knurled wheel.
When pinched on a can, it is forced into contact with the inside edge of the can lid.
To see this, click on other products by Kuhn Rikon.
Once you get used to it, you automatically push down lightly on the turning knob as you close the grips.
This assures that the can opener is laying flat on top of the can.The can opener is designed for use by right handed people.
If you can't do that, you probably don't want this can opener.
This can opener took a bit for me to get the hang of.
Once I did, I'll never use another can opener.
When you do get the hang of it, you won't believe how simple it really is.
This can opener is far superior to any other opener I've ever used in function and quality.
Not having sharp edges either on the can or lid is great.
Being able to remove the lid without touching it is a bonus.
Buy it,learn to use it, and you'll never go back to traditional openers.
There's a quantum improvement here in the way this can opener works.
It cuts just below the top of the top -- leaving no kind of sharp edge on either the can nor on the top.
The entire cutting part never contacts the can's contents, so, therefore, never gets cruddy, never needs to be washed or even wiped.
It seems that there is nothing to wear out, but on that score who knows? It is really super.
I can RUB my finger against it and not get cut.
I use this edge-cutting opener for all other day-to-day uses though since it's much safer and cleaner.
Don't think I will ever buy another electric can opener again.
One more thing off the counter top and this opener fits nicely in the drawer.
My old electric was a safety cut also but it died.
My only complaint it the pincher to help remove the lid could work better, it doesn't always grip the lid, somewhat of a pain.
I am hoping this will last much longer than my electric one did and when it goes I will buy another.
My son introduced this to my wife and she to me.
We will never go back to the old kind and don't like the electric ones.
We've owned several electric can openers over the years.
They're messy; the blade needs to be cleaned regularly and eventually rusts.
I don't like clutter on my countertops, so a hand-held opener that I can toss in the drawer was a perfect solution.
I bought the Kuhn Rikon Auto Deluxe based on reviews.
It's a sturdy, well-made product and the red color makes it easy to spot in the drawer.
When I bought it I thought the Lid Lifter was a silly gimmick, something I wouldn't be using.
My husband was the first to use the opener and was soon cursing it.
I tried it myself and it didn't seem to be working.
I couldn't lift the lid off and the can looked like it was still sealed.
Turns out this "silly gimmick" is a very necessary part of the design.
We've had the opener for 4 months and are very happy with it, never a problem with slivers or sharp edges.
We're seniors and both agree it's easier to use than an electric opener (even for my husband, who's a lefty).
Since it doesn't touch the contents of the can, the opener stays clean.
Though probably not necessary, I do occasionally hand wash it.
Lids left off easily and then you can put them back on to cover an open can.
And it's really sturdy and the design seems like it will hold up to years of use.
I absolutely love this thing and can't imagine why anyone would want a traditional can opener!.
I got this to compare with other one that came with can opener.
what's best opener right? this worked good too.
I ended up looking for beer bottle opener so this was for showing in front of children so they dont wonder about beer bottle.
i like the other one just out of having all the capability but this one is designed with cuter red.
The first Kuhn Rikon can opener I had didn't quite cut it anymore .I really liked and use it for a long time.
I purchased the Auto deluxe safety lid lifter and the Auto Ergo safety lid lifter since I didn't see the model I already had.
They both work well I prefer this lifter to the Ergo model.
After breaking through the handle on 3 of the plastic &quot;safety&quot; can openers, we decided to give this one a shot.
It is well constructed out of durable stainless steel.
You pay more, but it lasts longer without the frustration of watching your can opener fall apart in your hands.
Every home should have one especially if you have an emergency storage box and the power goes out...Highly recommend this can opener.
We have had it at least a month, it hasn't broken like one reviewer said hers did.
What could be easier than setting the opener on top of the can, turn the handle and the Kuhn Rikon does the rest.
We were given a Krups brand electric opener that cut the side of cans.
After 3 years of use, the gripping gears and cutter were worn to the point they no longer worked.
Unfortunately, this appliance is sealed and cannot, therefore, be serviced.
Looks brand new after nearly a years use,.
Rarely am I overly impressed with "gadgets" that I might pick up online, and I was definitely skeptical about this one.
But after going through SO many expensive and cheap can openers, I couldn't resist.
Just like the ads say, you can open a can, and put the lid back on it.
It doesn't cut the "can", but splits the seal, so the lid goes right back on and the temp in the fridge re-seals the lid.
You have to constantly clean them after every use...I left mine in the dishwasher which destroyed them after about 3 months.
But now I've been using the Kuhn Rikon for months, and it's still spotless without a single wash.
But the finish on the stainless is somehow super fingerprint resistant...as long as there's no food on my hands, the handle stays spotless.
The one I bought was the all-stainless one...and it's still spotless after years of routine use.
It still looks and works like brand new!).
It's the greatest can opener I've ever used.
It is clean, it never touches the food.
It is safe, there are no sharp edges - if used correctly.
It looks as good as a can open can look.
It takes some getting used to if you have always used traditional can openers.
We only got rid of the instructions because we moved across the country.
I love it so much that the first Christmas - 1999 - I bought one of these for every member of my family.
They thought I was crazy, but now they all love it too.
I also give it as a housewarming gift to all our friends.
I've used this can opener for the last couple of years and love it.
It does a perfect job each time.However, I remember being frustrated the first few times.
The reason was that I tried to place it on the can at the same angle that I used to place the other can openers.
One should place it on the can perpendicular to the can, and not on the sides.
You'll notice that the opener grips the can, and you can turn the knob until it goes a full round.What a great invention !!.
The older I get, the more I appreciate quality cookware.
This beautiful 7qt stainless steel pressure cooker by Kuhn Rikon is no exception to that rule.
We took a chance and ordered a repackaged one at a substantial discount.
Thus, I was a little concerned about whether we had all of the required parts.
My guess is that the assembly instruction sheet went by the wayside with the packing material.
But we figured it out, and it worked perfectly when we used it.
Once everything was chopped and thrown into the pot, the entire dish was done in 25 minutes.
Let me tell you, the brown rice that came out of this pressure cooker was almost creamy.
This was fantastic for someone like me who can't have dairy and totally misses those creamy risottos, as well as all other things dairy.
The entire dish was so delicious, and I didn't have to stand over it and stir for an hour, either.
Win!I should disclose that this was my first attempt at using a pressure cooker.
So I was really jazzed at how well this cooker worked.
It did take some experimentation with our gas stove to keep the pressure in the correct zone.
It got too high at one point, so I simply turned the stove off until the pressure went back down to the correct zone.
I wasn't sure how that would affect the cooking time (answer: it didn't).
A few swipes with a dry towel and it looked like new.
Believe me, I'm going to be scouring Amazon for any other deals on great cookware like we snagged with this one!.
So I was looking for a new PC and I was on the fence between this model and the one without the long handle.
And it is KILLER pot roast.YOU WILL WANT A FLAME-TAMER (or if you have hung around bio.
And she loves hers and is comfortable with it.
sorry I have the dry rosemary and dry it has to be for now !! So.
They want a pressure cooker !!The instruction from the recipe says to use the pressure cooker to fry meats and onions first.
Make sure the proper pressure is attained and mantained.
Expensive, but I'm developing an appreciation for this pressure cooker.
It does not look like something that would cost over $100, but it functions well and makes cooking more pleasant an experience.
Like the other reviewers have mentioned, this cooker is virtually silent and you must stay in the kitchen to keep an eye on the pressure.
Especially with an electric burner, since heat adjustments on these are not instant as they are with gas.
It doesn't take long, however, to learn how and when to make adjustments so the correct pressure is maintained.
This cooker conducts heat and disperses it evenly, making it fast and efficient.
For the final wash all four pieces (bottom, top, top "vent hat", gasket) go into the dishwasher.
hmmm I think I'll budget for another one this year.
We have several pc's, both larger and smaller.
We don't use the 12 qt Kuhn Rikon as often as we thought.
We just like this one best!We Also bought this model for our son in the military.
He is stationed in CO and with the altitude, a pressure cooker is a handy tool.
He too loves this pc and uses it all the time.
He cooks it for about 45 minutes, lets the pressure release naturally, then strains out the bones and extra veggies (throws them away).
He measures and packages the broth in one quart freezer ziplocks to use when making soup, rice or sauses.
The chicken was already divided into 8 packages and put in the freezer when he boned the chicken.
He could easily cook chicken in the pc too, but he likes the Costco rotisserie chicken.
He can get 20+ meals out of two Costco chickens.
He also likes to make spicey beans in his pc.
He adds the peppers and onions when he adds the beans so that the flavours are blended.
Sheesh!Update:  Our 12 qt Kuhn Rikon, model 30333 arrived.
Miss Vickie shared her recipe for making garlic mashed potatoes and polenta at the same time in her Kuhn Rikon interview (linked from her website).
It cost more than the 10.5" round griddle, but the shipping weights were 9 and 5 lbs respectively.
The lid is heavy duty, but the pot is constructed of a lighter guage stainless.
Not a deal breaker, but one more thing to bother with.
My Mom and Grandmother never had to use a flame tamer with their old pc's as the pots were very heavy.
This pot is still hefty, especially with food in it, so maybe the lighter weight of the pot adds to ease of use.
My solution was to use a huge cast iron fry pan and set the pressure cooker inside the pan.
The frypan allowed about 2" of air space between the sides of the pressure cooker and the sides of the cast iron frypan.
This actually worked well, so I investigated the possibility of using a cast iron griddle instead of a cast iron heat diffuser.
By flipping it over, you have a choice of a griddle or a grill.
So, you can add a "flame tamer" to your kitchen AND a griddle or combination griddle/grill and save some money.Now for our first cooking adventure.
We chose a recipe out of a Lorna Sass cookbook.
The recipe took much longer than we anticipated.
Part of this was due to the extra time we took to make sure we were doing everything right.
There is a difference in size, but the handle design is different between the two.
The 7.4 quart has a long handle on one side and a short one on the other side.
In cooking only a single recipe, the short handle got hotter to touch than the long handle.
I am glad we bought the 7.4 quart with the long handle.
I am also glad we bought the 7.4 quart over a 6 quart pot.
Many recipes call for a 6 quart pot.
They will fit nicely in the 7.4 quart pot with some additional head room.
This equates to a little greater distance between the valves in the lid and the food in the pot.
We have three Kuhn Rikon pressure cookers that we use almost every time we cook - this is the main cookware we use.
It's fast, easy, and it saves energy because it takes less time to cook.
And the food's great - I like eating at home better than any restaurant.
As an &#34;old timer&#34;, I remember when my mom used a pressure cooker a lot for making meals.
I've used it several times and it's amazing how fast they cook food.
This has several safety features and it quite easy to use.
and a very nice cooker to do it in.
After using this item for months I am 100% happy with it.
As long as you treat the gasket with respect, like with any pressure cooker, the unit operates perfectly.
It is amazing the cooking time these pots can do a job.
This concerned me, worried the pot would warp or something, but it did a great job.
Now use it for just browning at times.
It heats up instantly and responds quickly to the stove tops heat settings.
My first one still looks like new and performs as it did on day one.I love doing research on potential purchases.
Fagor was the only brand that I could find in local stores.
I bought one  and  returned it, as on the second use I couldn't bring it up to pressure.
I didn't want a cheap model as I has had such good luck with my Kuhn Rikon for all of these years.
I prefer to buy things in person, touching, examining etc.
I had made the right choice.I use my PC for risotto, soups, chicken cacciatore, spare ribs, beans, rice, lamb shanks and on and on.
I primarily use Lorna Sass' PC books and have yet to make a bad dish.
If you are cooking for 1 - 3, this is a great size and will give you leftovers to freeze.
Just don't fill it past the recommended line 2/3 thirds for most things, 1/2 for beans.
The inside is clearly marked.I got an excellent price thru Amazon.
This sat in my cart for awhile as I waffled back and forth between brands.
The price changed several times and then finally it dropped soooo low that I knew this was an omen.
Within a day or so, it went back up almost $60.00.If you are researching, pondering, waffling ,,,, STOP.
You won't do any better than this Kuhn Rikon, price or quality wise.
This is my second buy of the same product, because I loved the first one so much.
Kuhm Rikon makes the best pressure cookers, and they include a great little manual and cook book.
I had wanted a pressure cooker and was trying to decide on one when I saw this one written about in Southern Living magazine.
I must say, it has helped me put meals on the table in record time and saved a lot of waiting/energy.
I also recommend you buy the Lorna Sass pressure cookbooks if you have never really used a pressure cooker before.
I have had this pressure cooker for seven years now and would not trade it for any other.
If you are new to pressure cooking, imagine having a flavorful stew in the middle of summer without heating up your kitchen.
Or, coming home from work and cooking chicken and the vegetables and seasonings of your choice in less than 20 minutes.
I find the texture of brown rice cooked in the pressure cooker much better than when a pressure cooker is not used.
You do have to adjust to pressure cooker cooking which is why I recommend Lorna Sass's books.
For example, you need more herbs because somehow the flavor gets muted.
So I took that one back and after much research chose the Kuhn Rikon based on reviews and have been happy with my choice.
The kinds of things you cook in a pressure cooker generally get better on reheating anyway.
I cut up my vegetables and meats in the morning before I go to work, then I can quickly make dinner when I get home.
Of course you can do something similar with a slow cooker but I never liked the texture of the food cooked in a slow cooker.
You do have to stay close to the pot to adjust the burner temperature so that the right pressure is maintained in the pot.
But things cook so quickly that I do not find this enough of a burden to stop using it.
This is my first pressure cooker set and I love it.
It really helps if you can find classes on how to use your pressure cookers.
After using other stainless steel pressure cookers over the past thirty-plus years, we decided to update our older 6-quart model for this one.
We are extremely happy with this purchase so far.
We've made vegetarian chili (using TVP instead of meat), Pan-in-pot method brown rice, pulled pork (from an 8+ pound shoulder roast) all with great success.
The puled pork was extremely tender and surprisingly delicious.
One thing we needed to re-learn:  determining when to turn the heat down as the cooker gets to cooking pressure.
The older cooker makes a racket with the jiggler rocking and steam hissing.
We really appreciate how quickly this cooker responds to the flame adjustments on the stove.
Overall, we are impressed and sorry we waited so long to make this investment.
Like most good things in life, you get what you pay for...this is expensive and worth it!.
It is the prettiest pot I ever owned and I have some lovely Farberware.
I use a pressure cooker almost every day.
I like making vegan soups for dinner, and this size is just perfect for one or two people.
I had a Splendid brand cooker for many years but once the lock started to leak it was just a mess.
You can definitely tell the difference in brands this is really top of the line.
Looking at the mechanism there is really no way this can leak.
I will let you know how much I love it!Update:Still love it!  I makes perfect beans, perfect soups, high quality, cleans really well.
It is the "Cadillac" of pressure cookers!  I really enjoy it.
I used the app a lot at the start, but now I am pretty cool about just using the cooker on my own.
It's amazing, will change your life, and of course save you a tonne of time on your cooking.
This is my 2nd Kuhn Rikon pressure cooker.
I wanted something smaller than my previous one.
This one works out well for smaller portions and smaller cuts of meat.
These pressure cookers are expensive but hold up extremely well.
I've not needed to replace the silicone seal yet.
I got my 1st pressure cooker more than 10 years ago and it still looks like new!.
It makes cooking super fast and food comes out delicious.
The short version is that I got Kuhn Ricon Family Style pressure cooker 8qt.
WMF only sells their entry level model ("Perfect Plus") in the US and it is getting mixed reviews.
The improved model ("Perfect Ultra") is better and more durable but not available in the US.
Fissler seems to have similar issues as WMF "Perfect Plus": its plastic handle is prone to cracking.
The measurements on KR's website are a bit confusing and incomplete.
Downside: not ideal for making small serving sizes.
A cup of water just covers the bottom.
Once the pressure reaches the desired level, turn the heat down to maintain the pressure level (about 2-3 on my induction cook top).
Initially, I was concerned about whether it could be opened and closed easily.
Once I used it, my worries went away.
Position the lid so that the arrow points to the handle, twist, it closes.* To de-pressure: 3 modes: 1) fast: less than 30 sec.
by rinsing the rim of the lid with cold running water; 2) normal: about 1 min.
by pressing the valve with a spoon; 3) slow: about 10 min.
The above time is based on steaming with very little water in the pc.
With the KR rack on the WMF trivet, food is away from the water and double rack cooking is possible.
Lentils/ Beans - the only way to cook them is in a pressure cooker.
I can't believe I managed w/o one all this time.
The size has worked out well for 2 people.
Upgraded review to 5 stars (from 4).***************************************************************September 2010Very new to using a pressure cooker.
After much thought and vacillation we settled on the Kuhn Rikon 5L duromatic inox (name of the pressure valve used) pressure cooker.
The valve on the top is a bit more elaborate but both models seem to have all the same features.
The Top Model has a valve on the top that is almost like a stove burner knob and you dial in the setting.
On the model we bought, the duromatic, you have to press the little knob on the top to release pressure.
We recently became vegetarians and cooking beans/ lentils in a stockpot is a day long affair.
I had soaked chickpeas for 15 hours and then I cooked them in a 5 qt stockpot on the stove top.
After 3.5 hours they were still somewhat crunchy.Soaked 1.5 cups of chickpeas for ~15h and it took 18 minutes to cook in the pressure cooker.
Took another 20 minutes for the pot to cool down before I opened it.
The stockpot version had a lot of chickpeas losing their skin and splitting.
This is something you can see on their website in Switzerland (KuhnRikon.ch) but is not sold in the U.S.A.! Item # 2002.
I spoke to them and got no conclusive reason as to why they wouldn't sell it here.
One cannot even buy this from the swiss website !! They look like stackable cake pans each with a diameter of 22 cm.
If one wants to cook rice/ multiple veggies altogether, this would be invaluable.
You use one container for each item, stack them and fire up the pressure cooker.
Anyway, so I need to find something that will work.
Here's why - the pressure cooker has a base (5L) and a lid with the valve.
So before you put the pressure cooker lid on your pot sits there with no lid.
I ended up paying $30 bucks and ordered the lid.
After an additional 1 minute the black stem kept moving upwards and a second red line was visible.
This is the high setting for the pressure cooker.
I turned the burner down to a 4 for about 1 minute and then to low for the remaining time (~13 minutes).
Once the 18 minutes were up I turned off the stove and let it sit for 20 minutes.
Very nice product! I hope this helps clarify any thoughts concerns you may have!.
I did a lot of research on pressure cookers before investing in this (pricey!) one, and my wife and I couldn't be happier.
It is a pleasure to use - and we use it very often.
We also like the fact that this model does NOT have a long bulky handle - making it much easier to store in our cabinet.
Pressure cooking changed the way I approach my recipes anymore.
It has virtually replaced my slow cooker, unless I am using that for my skirt steak recipe.
It saves energy and cooks in more flavor.
I never throw away vegetable trimmings since I recycle them into broths and stocks.
I always keep a large freezer bag in the freezer and add scraps until it is full.
Then I pressure cook them into a very tasty broth in less than an hour.This Kuhn Rikon is very well made and works perfectly.
It is simple to use, and it comes with clear instructions and recipes.
I am giving this model as Christmas gifts to family this year.
I really like the design of this cooker, after all, who wants something grotesque in your kitchen?  It is also a great pressure cooker.
Easy to clean and easy to lock up to get your meal started.
If you've ever watch a cooking show and see a chef fuss with getting their cooker working properly, it wasn't a Kuhn Rikon.
Pressure valve is no fuss and practically intuitive (like pull it up and down to make sure it's free moving).
Expensive, yes, but I'd gladly spend the money again for another.
Quiet on the stove too!We have this one and Kuhn Rikon's 5 quart pressure cooker and use both pretty equally.
Have even used these to can with! Love them! :).
Here's the way to cook perfect risotto in a few minutes.
The recipe comes with the product and we found many other great pressure cooker recipes on the company's website.
This is a time,energy and labor saver for any kitchen, it's no wonder most European kitchen have several of these.
I deliberately went searching for a modern pressure cooker, partly because every Vegan cookbook that I own considers it a &quot;must have&quot;.
I was always somewhat afraid I would end up with pot roast on my ceiling.
The Kuhn Rikon 5-Liter Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker is a dream come true.
The 5-Liter size is adequate for a small family or if cooking just for one or two people.
I, personally, have not owned one and so there is a bit of a learning curve.
But the measurement and timing guides for different foods are comprehensive and very easily understandable.
The foods I have cooked came out just as expected in much shorter amounts of time than regular cooking methods.
Plus, I like the fact that nutrients are sealed in and foods retain their moisture.
The stainless steel pot and cover clean up easily.
The engineering and design are beautiful and I am totally happy with this cooker.
It is a most welcome addition to my kitchen!.
We are a family of 2 who eat a plant-based (no oil) diet for cardiovascular reasons.
I cannot possibly imagine why I have waited so long to purchase this perfect-sized SAFE pressure cooker.
It is my most prized piece of cookware.
The best thing about aging is that we no longer need a lot to eat.
Finally, I can take advantage of this 2.6-quart braiser which can handle recipes for 2-3 people.
This pan allowed me to brown the ground meat.
When it was time to add the lid, it took less than 5 minutes to come up to pressure.
Voila, a tasty dinner for 2, with leftovers for lunch.
Well, I love both!  It just depends on the recipe I am using.
The old-style steam vent is no problem at all-- I don't need the new Duromatic Top, it appears.
I am very handy with a wooden spoon.
Love the size and the pressure cooker (8.5 quart).
I reordered from Amazon and bought this one to replace it.
I am extremely pleased with the cooker and Amazon's service.
The smaller size is fabulous for vegetables and smaller meals.I've cooked beets, carrots, chicken Marsala, Lentils, Red Beans and Rice and countless other dishes.
This is my 2nd PC, my other is a large WMF/Fissler Blue Point.
I needed something a little bit smaller and this is perfect.
What is especially nice about the Kuhn Rikon is for some reason they require less liquid to come up to pressure than the Fissler.
For some things, it doesn't matter but for others you have to cook to reduce the juices after removing the lid.
They're both beautifully crafted and a pleasure to use.
Using a PC is an incredible timesaver and make life in the kitchen so much more efficient.
The only thing I am upset about which has nothing to do with the quality of this product itself.
Simply adjust the heat to keep it leveled to the red markings on the top of the cover.
You might say to yourself "I want the hissing sound" so it could let you know the food is cooking.
The hissing noise is there only when its needed so dont be scared of the quietness with this Kuhn Rikon pressure cooker.
My only complaint is that hand cleaning the lid can be a little difficult.
But I'm not sure if there is a better "dishwasher safe" way to design the lid.
So, I can't really hold this against them.
yet another kitchen item we now can't imagine living without.
this model is easy to use and clean.
the pan is as heavy as our 18/10 Cuisinart pots, while the top is made of lighter stuff.
and it's easy to control, so i don't see any the advantage to the slightly more expensive &#34;top&#34; dial model.
Several years ago, I took a class on pressure cooking and this was the cooker that the class focused on.
I had never used a pressure cooker before and had heard nothing but horror stories.
After the class, I purchased the 5-liter cooker and have been quite happy with it for nearly 10 years.
I am a vegetarian and, even though I am single, I like to cook up beans every other week.
That way I can have a nice selection available in my freezer during the week.
With this cooker, I can cook up several different varieties in just a couple of hours.
There are markings on the inside so that you can easily avoid over-filling it.
The little guide that comes with the cooker has helpful little charts.
The only addition to this package that I would make would be a much more in depth cook book focusing on pressure cooking.
This is my first experience with a pressure cooker so I don't have much of a frame of reference.
Again - I have no frame of reference since this is my first PC.
My grandmother and my mother both used pressure cookers frequently.
Some other reviewers have noted that the Kuhn Rikon requires more monitoring than jiggle-type pressure cookers.
Jiggle-type pressure cookers release steam throughout the cooking process.
This provides confirmation that the cooker is operating through sound.
It IS convenient if this is what you are used to.
However, these cookers require more liquid to achieve pressure and as a result, certain items can come out more watery than I prefer.
As a result, the "sound of pressure", or hiss is missing.
A small valve with two red lines provides confirmation that moderate and full pressure have been achieved.
Without sound to guide you, one must rely on visual clues.
This does require monitoring and a little guess work.
However, once you determine how your cooktop and pressure cooker interact, it is the same every time.
From that point on, you simply wait for the red line to appear and turn your cooktop down to your pre-determined setting.
The enclosed system allows fast, high temperature cooking without heating up your kitchen;3.
The benefits of a lower liquid requirement to achieve high pressure can not be overstated.The Kuhn Rikon system is different but produces superior results.
If you're a Modernist Cuisine fan, I would also like to suggest the caramelized butternut squash - it's eye opening.
They recommend the Kuhn Rikon as the best pressure cooker available - but those of us who own one already know that.
Worth every penny - because I know my Kuhn Rikon will last longer than I do!.
Ok, it is pricey!  BUT, this is a really nice piece of kitchen gear, and is a pleasure to use.
I'm not sure how we ever lived without a pressure cooker but this is one handy piece of gear.
Reviewed many choices before settling on this one.
Good words from the Modernist Cuisine guys and Dave Arnold tipped me over the edge.
The stockpot is well made, easy to use and fairly easy to clean.
We use this on our gas stove with a diffuser underneath which seems to keep the pressure a bit more controllable.
Having one that's too small is far, far worse than one that is slightly too big.
You can always add less liquid to the large one.
I read several of the other reviews before my purchase, I cannot imagine how you could improve upon on the quality of this cooker.
This allows it to cool down naturally within a reasonable amount of time.
I can see why people love this brand.
Since it takes about 45 minutes in the rice cooker, I doubt that I'll ever use that appliance again.
With high energy costs these really save a bundle.
They still look great after all this use and are very easy to clean.
I often make my dogs food in them using chicken, vegetables and rice.
It cooks so quickly!Update 7/5/12 - I'm still loving this pressure cooker.
I also use the pot without the cover for making everything from soups to pasta.
I've been using this cooker for about four years now and it has exceeded every expectation.
It does so quietly, accurately, with smooth distribution of heat due to copper being sandwiched into the bottom.
All around a true 5 star performer.We've used it hundreds of times with excellent results.
Easy to clean, this is a cooks dreamware.
It is safe and easy to use and is holding up very well.
UPDATE: After 3 years of use, my UL valve is broken now.
It's now hardened and letting steam escape, making pressure unable to build up.
It was prompt and easy.The small lid near the valve does easily broken with that plastic.
I recommend not to take that out to clean often or with extreme care.
It is not that really functional apart from shielding off the stream.
Remember Grandmom's pressure cooker with the rattling pressure control weight and all the associated hassle of using the thing? Well, all that's history.
Moroccan lamb stew, chicken cacciatore, braised lamb shanks, and many more recipes have all been delicious.
And they all cook in 30 minutes or less -- yes, that's right -- half an hour.
The prep time usually takes a preliminary half hour, so a great meal in 60 minutes with no fuss.
This looks acceptable and functions well based on my initial uses.
It's thin material and does not necessary look like it will last a lifetime.
This is a great tool although I think I got one a couple of sizes to big.
I am very impressed with this pressure cooker.
I have 2 big canning pressure cookers that I use for canning, but this is the first one for cooking regular meals.
It reaches pressure quickly, and the pressure releases quickly when through cooking.
The beets are the greatest ever, as the beet flavor is more intense compared to boiling in water.
Have cooked chicken and pot roast so far and both came out well.
I've had a Presto and I upgraded to FagorAmerica which was defective.
A friend talked me into biting the bullet and paying for this one.
It is SOOOOOO WORTH IT! I can't even begin to explain the difference in quality and performance.
Several of the recipes in the accompanying cookbook were smash hits at our house.
Wish I had gotten one sooner, I was always afraid the one my mom had when I was growing up would explode.
I could kick myself that I waited this long.
Not to mention that the risotto absorbed virtually all the broth and was perfectly firm and chewy but completely done.
I was unsure whether to go with this size and decided a bit smaller than the old Mirro one I had would do fine.
I'm SO glad I replaced my old one.
This uses much less water and I don't miss the noise.
I find I like brown rice made in this rather than in my rice cooker!.
This pressure cooker is heavy duty, well-constructed, not your grandfather's pressure cooker.
In the month since we received it, we have cooked chicken wings, ribs, pot roast, and potatoes.
Also, due to the thick stainless construction of the pot, it was easy to wash.
In short, a pot of the nicest old fashioned quality.
I'm a working mom with limited time but big ambitions.
Baby food makers that steam and puree cost $100 and none of them seem to be without problems.
They also seem like they'd have a limited shelf life for the price.
Traditional stove-top steaming takes forever and I just wouldn't stick with it.This is a $200 pot.
There are other Kuhn Rikon pressure cookers that are cheaper, but they are very small and therefore penny wise, pound foolish.
the first one only lasted 25 years! Powerful pressure, makes food taste great.
This pressure cooker was given to me YEARS ago.
It probably has seen 600 uses+ by our family in its life.
This pressure cooker set is a great entry level set, although I find the large size sometimes not large enough.
But, watch what you are purchasing, there are 2 separate types of lids on the Duromatic pressure cooker.
If you have the extra money, this other lid is worth it--especially if you are a beginner.
I regret that I bought the duromatic set without realizing the difference in the lids.
I saw the price of the set and jumped on it without realizing the difference.
My favorite is Miss Vickies Book of Pressure Cooker recipes, also found on amazon.
I'm a single fellow who prefers to cook than eat out.
I have been bowled over by this product and it's convenience.
Because I cook for one, I mostly use the frying pan with complete satisfaction.
I make different chilies, bean dishes (re-fried, hummus, etc.), roasts, soups, vegetables; the list goes on.
I cook up a week's worth and I'm off to the races.
I do like to read the reviews (specially the lower ratings) to see what I must be conscious of when using the product.
I plan on buying this brand (not necessarily this combination) for my children's families.
(9May2009)  I'm still so pleased with this product I could just fart (I do a lot of bean dishes).
(30May2010)  I'm still cooking up a storm with this set; going strong.
Everything is moist and tasty and wonderfully textured.
Now, I can see why pressure cookers are so popular in Europe.The Kuhn Rikon comes to pressure fast--5-6 times faster than the Fagor.
This brand and model came highly recommended by Modernist Cuisinie and has rave reviews at hippressurecooking dot com, and was very well priced.
I can say I am extremely happy with this purchase.
It is very well made, cleans so easily, and has several levels of safeguards to prevent over pressurization.
It is very easy to use and does a great job!.
I bought this pressure cooker about 3 years ago to replace and older style pressure cooker that I had.
I like that you can safely release the pressure by just pressing the knob with the handle of long utensil (like a wooden spoon).
After 3 years of use, the seal is still tight and the pressure cooker works as well as it did on day one.
The only drawback I see at this time is the huge price increase.
I just cut it into cubes and pan fry (with a bit of oil and diced onions) to give it some color first.
Then I put them into the pressure cooker and add some water and spices.
Cook for about 30 minutes and voila, tender beef to compliment any dish.
They don't touch, each other and there is rubber at the base, so it's not going to rust.
I use mine all the time and it works great.
Be sure to dry it with the whip pointing down so water doesn't accumulate in the base and cause bacteria or dirt.
These hold up well and are the perfect size for most jobs.
Every kitchen should have different size whips, this one is well made and does what it should do!  I highly recommend!!!.
It feels very nice! It is made in the USA! All aspects of it are perfect!.
It's the perfect size for mixing something together in a 16 oz.
This mixer whip is the perfect little gadget.
I think I use this more than my normal size ones.
It's perfect for anything small, like salad dressings, eggs, etc.
I got rid of all my other whisk but this one and the Light Design French Whip 12-inch of whip.
BEAUTIFULLY MADE PRODUCT...I PURCHASED ONE AND PURCHASED A FEW OTHERS IN DIFFERENT SIZES...WHO SAYS NOTHING IS MANUFACTURES IN AMERICA ANYMORE...GET THESE...BE STOKED?.
i did think when i ordered it though that the 8 inches did not include the handle, but it does.
it doesnt feel flimsy in your hand or going through whatever you're mixing.
The handle has a good feel and the quality of the whip is excellent.
I have several of the old all-wire whips and find that this is quickly becoming my preferred utensil.
This whisk is just the right size for my smaller saucepans and the handle is perfect for my hand.
Some whisks have thin handles that can be uncomfortable.
The construction appears very sturdy and high quality.
i been using this for about a year now and its been great to me love it light weight compacts but not to small.
Great control, great whisking action, fits perfectly with a tiny footprint in my top drawer.
The feel and balance are perfect in my hand.
The tines are a nice heft and do a good job of mixing and aerating ingredients.
It is not flimsy, like some other whisks I have bought and had to return.
This whisk does the job and makes a nice addition to my utensil collection.
I have started to simplify my life and have gone back to basics.
Instead of using a machine to blend and mix my batters, I now use a stainless steel mixing bowl and this wonderful whisk.
It is very pretty, also, in my favorite pink color.
Cleans easily, doesn't get liquid between the handle and the wires, and whisks just like it's supposed to.
really performs much better than my not so high quality whisk it replaces.
wondering why i used a lousy whisk for so many years!.
When Cooks Illustrated recommends it, it's nearly always excellent.
This is a fine product but the handle is a bit thin.
Perfect size and width for mixing smaller batches of batter.
like one egg or things in a small bowl.
I believe they have a smaller size one though.
This is great for whipping french toast batter and lots of eggs at once.
It  manages to get herculean levels of air into scrambled eggs making them incredibly fluffy.
I bought this whisk based on its top rating from Cook's Illustrated.
I use it often and it does the job, has a nice hold, feels solid and well-made.
I really prefer the Best Manufacturer French whisk because of its narrower streamlined construction, unlike the bulb whisks.
Its much easier to handle and they take up less room in my utensil holder.
I looked at just about every home center store around and could not find them, except for Amazon.
I should have paid more attention to the reviews and contrasted the descriptions.
What I was looking for was a balloon whip for egg whites.
This will do the job, but it is not really "balloon enough".
You end up with too much arm movement.
It is also either 2-3 inches longer than it would be ideal for me in this usage.
so I guess I'll be looking for a 14" balloon whip now ;)That said, I can not fault the product.
I have 3 of their whips on this series.
This plus the other 2 smaller ones have the looks and are nicely put together.
They do the work you would expect from a regular whip.
So I'm giving it a 5-star rating based on the product itself as opposed to my mistake.
I have several whisk that has a silicon based, but this is my first wire whisk.
I like the length of the base of the whisk.
It's slim compared to the others I've seen,used or what I have.
I have small hands, so the handle is perect, I have more control of what I'm mixing or sifting.
But silicon work great for not scratching surfaces.
I think no kitchen is complete without at least 1 whisk, and this one is it.
It's great when making a white sauce, also for just making a roux.
monster wisk for use at county fair to make breakfast for 4-H kids.
We cook french toast, pancakes and scrambled eggs and using a small hand wisk with 3 dozen eggs is a pain.
We used to have a large wisk like this one but it disappeared.
As reviewed by America's Test Kitchen, this is really the best whisk I've used.
First, watch how you search for items like "French Whip".
I put mine in the freezer for an hour first.
No problems with any items I've bought from Best Manufacturers-I recommend their cooking gear.
However, it's excellent for those deep mixing bowls for baking and pastries.
Also does well in skillets for sauces and gravies if you don't have a flat whisk.
Not a necessary tool, as you won't be swayed to put away your balloon whisk.
Works so much better than a regular whisk when making gravy or stirring roux.
This whisk is sturdy and well-made, with all indications that it will give me years of good use.
This is well made and is perfect for help with deglazing the bottom of a pan for sauces and gravies.
It works well to incorporate thick tomato paste into recipes, as well.
I should have purchased one of these a long time ago.
Yes, it's nearly single-purpose (although, I love it for making my notorious triple-chocolate pudding).
No, you probably don't make gravy as often as your mother did.
Second, it's almost two-dimensional, so it's optimized for scraping the bottom of the skillet or roaster you're making roux in.
It does one thing, and it does it really well.
This would make a great stocking stuffer for whoever roasts the Christmas beast in your family.
My brother has one of these and every time I used it, I thought it was great.
My sister, who's quite into cooking, also used it and liked it very much.
Eventually, I got around to buying one for myself and gave her one as a gift.
I ordered this on accident, but kept it anyways because it seemed like a good idea and I'm something of an amateur chef.
The steel whisk parts are thicker than usual, and do a great job of breaking loose bits in a pan.
As far as whisking gravies, yeah - I never want to make a gravy without one.
Definitely a great purchase and this is a solid, well-constructed product.
These are not easy to find in the stores but necessary for the chef!  Great product at a great price.
I didn't know how much I needed this tool.
But I am glad to have it among MY kitchen arsenal.
I saw Ree Drummond using it on her show and she always seemed to use it with ease.
She made many sauces and eggs and batters.
So I thought I would give it a try and it's great.
this little whip is fantastic for when you are making gravy's, it grabs all the goodness from the bottom of the pan.
I have several whisks that I like and use quite a bit.
I like this one for gravies etc -- it really can reach in the edges of cast iron skillets nicely.
I have even used it to stir thick grits on the stove top to keep them from getting clumpy.
this is amazing very strong makes smoothing of graves, dry mixes and milk products fast also whips eggs to a fluffy goodness.
This wonderful flat whip or whisk gets all the brown bits off the roasting pan after you have cooked a turkey, roast or chicken.
It helps you get into all the corners and really mix the gravy to a beautiful consistency.
It also works well for use in frying pans, etc., for loosening up the fond on the bottom for pan sauce.
Made very well, with special care taken to make sure it does not rust inside the handle.
This product is very well made and  is exactly as described, being very wide gets the job done much faster...Rich.
Does the job of a balloon whisk without the hassle of top-heavy handle flopping out of the pan.
The handle does get a little hot though, but not bad.
I purchased this item hoping it would help me get into the pan's bottom corner/edge better and it does that very well.
I have found wonderful ways of using this flat wisk, however, do not expect it to work like a circular wisk, as it does not.
IMO it folds rather than wisks but I still would buy it.
This is really a multi-purpose tool for me.
I use it to pull out food from hot oil.
I whisk whatever needs whisking, and it does the job very fast.
The handle is a nice wood and has a great weight to it.
What's neat is the way they have affixed the wires to the handle.
They have it molded inside the hollow metal top of the handle with a hard plastic/silicone type substance.
It's perfect for long-term, because usually these type of whisks will have a wire come loose over time.
The mold however doesn't seem as though it could do that very easily.The quality is top notch.
Glad I chose it over some others that were slightly cheaper.
I ended up getting the 12" as well.
You will need a big bowl to work in.
I prefer a 6 quart stainless steel bowl, for example, or my copper sabayon bowl which is roughly the size of a Citroen.
All these qualifiers aside, egg whites run and hide when they see me drag this out of the drawer.
Best products, in general, are well-made and highly affordable.
Best makes excellent heavy-duty commercial products that are well suited for use in the home kitchen.
This Best 12-Inch Balloon Whisk is great for whipping up whole eggs or blending sauces in a stainless steel bowl.
This size is fairly easy for anyone to use.
Also for the serious enthusiast, nothing else will do except an unlined (chilled) pure copper bowl.
(I found mine at a bargain in an out-of-the-way antiques store.).
Great price for a high quality piece of essential kitchen equipment.
Exactly what I was looking for but even better quality than I expected.
I make large quantities of hot fudge sauce, yes gallons at a time, cannot be done without one of these.
A great whisk is one of the basic tools for both success and good fun in the kitchen.
I upgraded some of my kitchen tools and utensils and this whisk made the cut.
I chose to buy this whisk because it is made in America, the large size, and the quality of the construction.
I bought this size solely for large jobs, like mashed potatoes.
Smaller whisks would require much more muscle for the job.
I love it! Yes, it is very large so keep your storage options in mind when ordering.
Outstanding product; never used one until ALTON BROWN explained the uses.
I like the design as it keeps the wires loosely connected at the top.Really good addition to kitchen.
I finally found a balloon whip the proper size to whip up cream.
I used  this several times over the last few weeks and it holds up well.
When I had a store I sold these for years and have never had one returned.
Some women collect dolls others go nuts over diamonds.
I get weak in the knees for All-Clad.
Made in the USA, top quality, lifetime guarantee, etc.
Imagine my disappointment upon discovering their utensils have been outsourced to China.
Recently, I was searching for whisks/whips made in the USA.
I discovered Best Manufacturers' whips/whisks are made in the States.
The great reviews along with the fact they're produced domestically clinched it.
They clean-up very well whether washing by hand or in the dishwasher.
The ring-less design was an issue for me because I hang all my cookware.
Frees up so much room in my kitchen.
My solution, though some may think it's quirky, is to hang these whips right-side-up.
I'm able to hang up to 3 on one hook.
Hope this helps anyone out there that likes to hang their cookware on hooks/pot racks.
I recently ordered several whips in varying sizes and styles, and am most impressed with this 14" balloon whip.
It is very large and sturdy, exactly what I was looking for when mixing big jobs or in deep pots.
I bought this to go with the copper bowl I purchased and it is a comfortable whip in my hand.
I like the patina that is forming on the handle.
I bought it to match my copper mixing bowl.
It feels like professional quality and works great.
It also does not rust at all in the dishwasher.
If you like to cook/bake as much as I do, you will really like this whisk!.
I bought this for our kitchen last year on the recommendation of America's Test Kitchen.
It does the job, cleans up easily and doesn't rust.
I don't know how the wood handle would take to a dishwasher, so we wash it by hand.
At 1/16" the wires are way too thick for egg whites or whip cream.
The whisk is just the right size to make marriange in a copper bowl but not to big to store.
This is a very good whip, but is too large for everyday use.
10- or 12-inch would be more useful for everyday.
Beefy handle makes for a solid grip of the whisk.
I searched long and hard for a US-made whisk, and this one was worth the wait.
We use it almost exclusively, but I especially love using it with our copper bowl for whipping up cream.
Decent cost, great size, great weight - love to use it!.
A must for someone who likes to beat things :) Nice copper handle also, matches your copper bowl.
This is a well made balloon whip that is perfect for whisking big bowl, fluffy lightweight batters by incorporating air.
Multiple loops of wire at the bottom and large balloon diameter make this whip much more efficient than my older whip.
Really does a nice job of incorporating air into batter.
Whips cream so quickly that I've stopped dragging out my KitchenAid to do the job.
It is comfortable and just the right length for my needs.
This one looks great and it is a substantial piece for the price.
The handle is sturdy and the wires not flimsy at all.
This is a great whip and I highly recommend it.
Like the French whip I purchased, this is an excellent piece of cooking toolery-well made, attractive in a retro way, and pleasant to use.
This balloon whip is best used in a large bowl, for large-volume jobs.
I prefer the wood handles over metal ones, purely because they're more comfortable in my hand.
I recently purchased 3 sets of these checkerboard cake pans.
I baked 9 (half inch) layers to make a Praline Doberge cake.
They also are great to bake my biscuits in.
I stack them for storage by putting a napkin between each pan (keeps them from sticking together).
First, about half of a batch of boxed mix is all that will fit into these very shallow pans.
If they don't rise and bake at the same rate, your checkerboard will look more like marble cake.
My suggestion is that instead of using two different flavor cake mixes, just use a white cake mix and divide it into two parts.
Color half with food coloring to give you the checkerboard effect.
The directions say to fill pans no more than half-way, and they aren't kidding.
I cut off and threw away more than was left in the pan on my first try.
Maybe it depends on the mix, and how much it rises.
The third problem should have been obvious, but I'm not that clever.
Anyway, I cook more for pleasure than necessity, and this was just a little more annoying than I had planned.
I'm not giving up, but the pursuit of the perfect checkerboard cake has so far eluded me.
I do love the checkerboard cake pans!  The only thing i'd like is for them to have more than one plastic insert.
I know, none of the sets do, but it's still a pain to have to wash it between filling each pan!.
It worked quite nicely the first time around.
I would offer these tips to help make it easier.
I also decided to use a large piping bag for each of the batters to help me to fill up the rings.
My checkerboards came out perfectly!  I was really pleased!  I might add more chocolate next time.
I wish that there were 3 different dividers to make it faster, though.
its cool cant wait to use it in the future and make some killer tacos yummy ymmuy thank you so much.
One thing to consider is how many tacos you need prepped at once.
Fine for a &#34;build your own&#34; taco presentation, but too ungainly for the table.
After trying to find a way to make bacon-weave taco shells for a few weeks, I happened upon these.
Good size, and they make the bacon weave process very simple to make taco shells.
Non-stick surface makes the shells slide off and the grease drips off onto the baking trays underneath.
I put them in my dishwasher and they are good to go.
Since I like to cook Mexican and hate to use ready-made anything, I rarely used corn tortillas.
I ordered two of these racks and it was the answer to my problem.
After I have formed the tortillas, I spray the racks with a little cooking spray and bake them in the oven until they are crunchy.
They come out hot and pliable enough not to shatter when you fill them.
Sometimes, I add some sea salt when I bake them.
I know other people simply hang them through the oven racks, but they seem to be a little to closed to fill easily.
These racks are built very well and I'll use them for many, many years.
If your trying to say away from fried foods like deep frying taco shells this is the unit for you.
It works really well and does a decent job in cooking a shell that's better for you.
We can bake them when we need them and we don't have to pay a higher price for pre-formed Taco shells.
Going to Amazon allowed me to review all the taco baking devices available and finding the most practical one for us.
With all these benefits, we will never buy store-bought, pre-formed Tacos, ever.
Become believers, buy one of these and be happy!.
Well constructed, I also bought the Kitchen supply taco rack, use one for shaping and the other for filling.
I love being able to bake up healthy tacos with ease.
I bought one of these for myself and one for my sister-in-law.
This is a sturdy, well-made item, and it works perfectly.
One small detail annoys me; the photo of a taco shell on the packaging was clearly NOT made using this baker--it was fried.
You can tell by the blistery little pockets that come from steam and hot oil; these do not form when you bake a corn tortilla.
Seems kind of a shame that they did even that small bit of false advertising, but I would still very much recommend this kitchen gadget.
I just have to learn not to move too fast with the loaded rack.
The design is nice with the ability to bake 4 tacos a time.
The only draw back that I had hence the 4 stars instead of 5 is the non-stick coating.
It has it's plus side with the easy clean-up, but the downside I had was the Tacos kept sliding off.
It works for me because I wanted the taco shape without frying them (trying to control my cholesterol).
I'm sure with a little trial and error you could figure out how to get them just how you like them.
I was skeptical, but these do actually work.
I had two of these were of inferior quality.
I make taco salad often and wanted something that would stand the wear and tear of constant use.
She was getting tired of buying shells that would end up broke out of the box.
So I ordered these and they are perfect.
Very well made product, easy to clean and easy to use.
First impression is how well made they are.
The tortillas come out perfectly and did not stick.
Really makes a taco salad taste like, well, a taco salad.
It really does a nice job and one is the correct size for a nice tostado.
It takes about eight minutes to prepare the shell.
Bakes up a nice shell for a variety of uses all with easy cleanup.
These Tortilla shell pans are well made and definitely non- stick.
Very easy to clean with light soap water.
I wonder if they can be used for pies.
They make great tortilla shells that can be filled with almost anything but soup.
They eat the contents and then help themselves to the &#34;juice soaked&#34; bowl.
If I had the time and money I would try to patent something like that for pet use.
Please don't leave a note that corn or flour tortillas are bad for my dogs.
Have you seen the ingredients in pet food?.
We have several pans made by Chicago Metallic, and have been satisfied with their quality.
The thickness of the metal make these shell pans very stiff, and they should endure many years of use.
I tried several attempts precisely following the mfg.
directions as well as trying other techniques found posted on the Internet.
I re-read most of the 43 reviews hoping to gain insight from others but nothing seemed on point.
I then decided to buy some regular flour tortillas.
directions.I lightly sprayed oil on one pan and not the other, and neither tortilla stuck to the pan, and no noticeable taste difference.
So the oil seems unnecessary.A 10-inch tortilla fully fits inside the pan.
I already had a set of these and purchased a second set.
Ordered 2 sets of these cause they were bigger than the other shell pans.
Can put a large tortilla in them and they're not sticking over the top.
Much larger that the 6.5 inch versions that we had been using.
Much more open to be able to fill the taco shells with abundant ingredients.
We use the store bought versions made for burritos.
Would love to make them with corn but finding a commercially made corn tortilla that big is problematic.
My girl wanted this for some mexican food and they worked like a charm.
Great price and now this item makes eating salads, ice cream, and mexican foods fun.
Ordered these from Amazon & I was very pleased with the results!!I used the large flour tortillas.Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Spray pans with Pam or similar spray.Place tortilla in pan & mold to fluting.Place directly on oven rack.
I used them right away and my husband loved his taco salad.
This item works great!  You should note, however, that if you're using smaller (taco size) tortillas this mold will be too large.
I received these for Christmas from my daughter.
We tried them for the first time, using the baked shells for a chicken salad, and they were perfect.
I used plain flour tortillas, but next time around I will try different kinds, or spice up the tortilla with seasonings before baking.
These are great for entertaining and an easy meal.
15 minutes in a sprayed bowl and you've got great taco bowls good for many meals.
Pretty neat with a slightly browned shell for your taco salads or what ever bowls.
We did 15 minutes @350 in our convection oven and they came out perfect.
I knew I would love these tortilla bowls the first time I saw them.
I always skipped tostadas because of the shell being fried.
These make the most tasty and delicious shells, and much better for your health because they are baked.
Spray the pans with oil, then steam the tortilla in the microwave for a few seconds to make it soft.
Lay in your pan and press it around the curves.
Then bake at 375 degrees for about 8 minutes.
Cool for 5 minutes and fill with your favorite fillings.
I purchased a set of these over ten years ago and use them often.
When we have guests, I simply bake as many as I need ahead of time.
When dinner time rolls around, I place them on plates, set out dishes of ingredients, and let everyone fill theirs the way they want.
Now I am buying sets as gifts for others because of the rave reviews I received.
If you do not like tacos, try filling them with some of your other favorite ingredients.
So as in experiment I made naan dough and made soup bowls for lentil soup.
That came out great! I can imagine baking other kinds of flat breads in them.
I can't believe I waited all this time to buy myself a set of these tortilla pans.
I have been purchasing that overpriced refrigerated taco salad kit in the grocery store.
These pans are heavy, high quality and will last a lifetime.
I can't believe the excellent quality for this low price.
We will make up the cost of these pans in less than a year now that we no longer buy that kit in the store.
We had taco salad night for the first time using these pans and they far exceeded my expectations.
I lightly sprayed my tortilla shell with olive oil and followed the instructions on the box.
The shells turned out crisp, golden brown and ready to fill in mere minutes.
We definitely will add taco salad to the menu more frequently.
If you are thinking about purchasing a set just do it.
Been wanting to try these for a while.
Hesitated because of other reviews on other brands.
The top edges are well rounded not sharp like some other pans I've read about.
Do need to pierce or weight done the tortilla so it won't puff up.
I have to say I am very surprised at how often we use these.
I like these because they are larger than what I usually see in the store and make the size I like.
Really great for taco salads but can be used for everything from salad to soup.
this is a great set..!!! Very slippery so not much sticks to it.
because in my stove my first cooked set were to dark so i would take 3 or 4 minuts off it.
Other than that a fun way to cook make salids serving trays out of them can eat as you go to the bottom.
These are the right size too for your large taco/burrito thingies.
You know, you could bake other foods in these also, such as fluted cake.
I came across these pans at a local bed bath store a couple of years ago and bought them on the spot.
I make my own tortilla's, and these pans work beautifully for crisping the shells for taco salads.
I have not used them yet but I think they will work well when making Tortilla salads.
The construction of the shells are non-stick and should work well.
I've had a set of these for about 14 years now and they still look like new.
They make crispy shells and are easy to clean.
The pans sold today are made in China.
They're nearly identical to my older pans - hopefully they'll hold up as well as my other two.
Quality was good and would recommend to others.
Seems better than those found in the stores.
I love my tortilla shell bakers!  They make taco salad shells quickly, easily, and the shells look great.
Gave a pair to my son who also is impressed with them.
Making taco salads couldn't be easier when using these shell pans! It's quick, easy and best of all very easy to clean.
Using flour tortillas the shells are light and crispy.
They work just as they are supposed to.
I put drained salsa extra lean ground beef, sliced olives ans shredded cheddar on top.
The shells came out of the pan very easily.
Just repurchased to send to a family member.
Old and young alike enjoyed their salads in these nifty shells!!!.
These tortilla shell pans was exactly what we wanted.
just follow the instructions on seasoning the shell pans and washing it.
We have used it about 5 times now and each time it comes out a nice golden brown.
Prior to these pans arriving, I had second thoughts about ordering them.
They definitely work as advertised, and I just made me 2 Tortilla Shells within the last few hours.
They came out perfect!  But, the best of all, they taste good and are really flaky and crispy to my surprise.
These will be making it on my Christmas list for later this year.
I have only used them once but they worked as I expected.
Look forward to many more uses in the years to come.
Will update if I feel the need to do so.
We purchased these to replace some older ones we had from a different manufacture.
These are much better quality and have a durable finish.
I love a great taco salad anytime and these make wonderful sized bowls for the large tortilla shells.
I wanted to give the shells a little bit more flavor.
Because of this, the shells moved a little bit and also started to puff up when cooking.
I had to watch this, and after five minutes, just tap the shells with a non-stick utensil, and let them bake for the recommended time.
They're easy to clean and the warrant seems fair (25 year replacement) for them.
These are the larger diameter ones and the kind you need for making a large individual salad like you might be served in a restaurant.
They also hold the smaller tortillas and can be used to make &#34;smaller&#34; yet &#34;wider&#34; smaller tortilla bowls than the mini ones.
Bought as a birthday gift as well for my daughter and daughter in law.
I make all kinds of Tostadas and Taco Salads are some of my favorites things to Cook in these Bowls.
The concentrated cleaners will damage the Non-Stick Finish on Bakeware.
~I wash mine by hand I don't have a Dishwasher, my own choice.
Chicago Metallic Tortilla Bowls have become my Favorite thing to Bake with and they are a Great way to Impress Family and Guests.
This product is so easy to use and convenient when you crave a taco salad.
The no stick is a big plus for an easy clean-up.
You can bake some ahead of time if company is coming.
The best part is the baking eliminates the fat the frying adds.
Good Product, well made and arrived on time.
This pan comes out of my cabinet for all national holidays and most parties.
Try adding Parmesan and Thyme as it suggests, the results are sensational.
I believe that anyone, even the most basic beginner cook, will be thrilled with the results the first time.
If you can make muffins or a cake you can make popovers.
They are wonderful for a cocktail party or as the bread in a multi-course meal.
If you want to stuff them with a chicken of shrimp salad for lunch I would suggest the six-popover pan for that application.
I work as a chef and we have been using one of these pans to bake popovers for at least 1.5 years.
It sits in a 400F oven for hours on end cranking out popovers that come out perfect every time.
While it is nonstick, it is still essential to grease (either with fat or nonstick spray) before adding your batter.
These are 3oz cups, what some consider "mini," but these still make popovers that are approximately 5" tall.
Our popover pan's nonstick coating is starting to chip on the outside of the cups, but the inside remains in great condition.
This is a nice heavy duty popover pan.
I use these for taking popovers to various activities where finger foods are required.
I tried some various new recipes and they worked very good and everyone liked them.
I had a standard-size popover pan that I stopped using because it inevitably dripped in the oven and created smoke.
This mini-pan does not drip or stick, and creates tasty popovers.
LOVE the pan!  It makes the most marvelous crispy on the outside and airy on the inside popovers.
I love the mini sized because they come out faster when serving a crowd.
On either the mini or the larger cupped pan, have not had a problem with the coating coming off.
if you have stuggled with popovers or yorkshire pudding, get these bad boys.
In spite of an old cranky oven, we had a prime rib and Yourkshipe pudding hit.
The Chicago Metallic Non Stick Mini Popover Pan is great.
Each cup is spaced by the sturdy wire rack design so that the individual  popover gets full, all around heat.
This design of single cup cooking make excellent popovers as the heat flows to all sides on even the center popovers cup.
I have been making the regular and the cheese popovers.
Even the cheese mix does not stick to the pan and just fall out.
Nothing stuck in the small cup that has to be dug out.
Much better than my old method in a muffin type tins.
I have used different pans and this is the only one I like.
I have purchased this pan as gifts for family members and also the owner of a restaurant in Keene, N.H.
who was complaining his popovers did not turn out right.
We all love and use this pan because it has air space around each section.
Perfect size for me...the larger size are really quite large!  It bakes perfectly and goes directly into the dishwasher.
I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys popovers.
This is about the 4th popover pan of this type that I've purchased.
It works fine and since I use it every Sunday, it seems to last a long time.
This is a nice size popover pan that ranges in the medium size.
I have nothing to do with Amazon or this company, this is a very good buy and a 5-star product.
Since Mini-Yorkshire puddings and popovers are basically cousins, they will both work in this pan.
With this pan you will obtain high, crisp, hollow popovers.If you need a great recipe, see the comments section for a URL.
I found a secret way to make the batter in a blender.
You will love making them in this pan, they "pop" right out because it is nonstick.~The Rebecca Review.
Make certain recipe instructions that are included with the pan are followed and you will have perfect popovers every time.
Popovers are a quick, low fat treat for breakfast or whenever.
Larger than I thought it would be and I couldn't be happier.
Popovers release easily from the pan and are nicely browned.
You will make the best popovers in this pan.
The pan is of great quality and browns your popovers perfectly.
This pan worked as stated in the description.
It did make very large cupcakes, but they may be too large for some tastes.
These are perfect - I particularly like to use the King Arthur brand of mix with this and they are perfect.
Sturdy, good sized, deeper than most.Suggest you drop oven temp.
at least five degrees and go from there.Cleans easily.Same size does not stack one into another.
I place my 8 inch round pan into the 9 inch pan...have two of each...and it works fine.
They're a good weight, the non-stick surface seems to be quite solid, and they just plain work.
(I've been very impressed with all my Chicago Metallic cooking equipment, actually.)One minor disadvantage is that they don't stack.
I've used this pan only a few times and it performed well.
Gave it four stars because like all nonsticks you have to be careful when removing foods to not scratch the interior.
Think I'll stick to anodized aluminum in the future.
But for a nonstick this one is very good--heavy, even browning and baking, good release, easy cleanup.
But I know when it (eventually) begins to peel--no matter how careful I am--it's in the trash.
Over the years I have used virtually every brand/size of cake pan.
I bought these back in 2007 and they are still the only cake pans I use.
They look brand new without any wearing of the finish.
I use them whenever I make a cake or similar.
It's heavyweight, nonstick surface is a breeze to wash and even a blueberry buckle coffeecake came out cleanly.
My only caution is that the rolled edge on top has some sharp edges and water will collect under the rim.
My remedy is to dry it right side up so water drains down the side of the pan.
These are the best! I bake focaccia loaves in these...perfect every time!!!Buy 'em now!!!We be droppin' 5 mojo*z on this perfect item!!!.
I grew up using my grandmother's cake pans and I still retain a deep fondness for them.
I've finally gotten that smooth, almost crumbless texture that is a joy to frost.
I'm sold on this bakeware and plan on getting more pans, which is the highest recommendation I can give.
I bake a lot and love this pan for baking loaves that require 8x4 pan.
However, because of the pan's folded metal construction, not unlike the Commercial Calphalon pans, crusts get stuck in the corners and are hard to clean.
It is otherwise a most excellent bread loaf pan.
These are well made and have stayed beautiful for several years.
I don't put them in the dishwasher, but the bread slides right out of the pans, so you don't need to scrub.
I have 4 of these, 6 2-pound, and the cake pans.
They are the perfect size for mini sweet breads and regular breads.
They make great mini sandwiches for my kids lunches.
I have used the Chicago Metallic Professional Nonstick 1-Pound Loaf pan several times now and each time my baked item has turned out just great.
Those instructions were included with the pan but were not emphasized and might easily have been missed.
When it comes to bread baking, this "Chicago Metallic Professional Nonstick 1-pound Loaf Pan" is the workhorse at our house.
At least one a week, and sometimes more.Rye bread.
Pretty much anything other that white bread has been made in this loaf pan.
And any that haven't turned out have been the baker's fault, not the pan's.I love that this is a solid, heavy-duty loaf pan.
But being heavy-duty doesn't mean it weighs a lot, and it is easy to use.
With a bit longer cooking time than for smaller muffins, this muffin pan cooked my jumbo muffins to perfection:  golden brown and evenly cooked throughout.
Plus, it was completely non-stick, so getting the muffins out of the pan--even sticky blueberry-packed ones--wasn't a problem, and clean up was a breeze.
My wife has been looking for a large muffin pan.
I love she does, cuz I get to eat the yummy muffins she makes using it.
It is heavy duty, made well, washes up great.
It's been so easy to make the large muffings I often purchased at the health club for a hefty sum and also at overpriced cafes'.
Now I have control over the content and cost.
Good quality and perfect for making individual pineapple upside down cakes.
We use this pan regularly and it still looks like new.
Love it! I was hesitant to not smear the thing with grease for added non-stick protection, but all turned out great.
If you love to bake, you will love this pan.
I have two different Baguette pans, this one and a non-stick non-perforated pan.
No more flat looking loaves that you get when you form the baton on the baking stone.Suggestions for perfect French bread:1.
Use a French bread pan, instead of placing the bread directly on the baking stone2.
Use a serrated knife sprayed with oil to cut the slashes in the bread3.
Place this pan on top of screaming hot (500 degree) baking stone4.
Mist the dough with water as soon as it is placed in the oven to get the oven spring5.
using these pans produces a loaf that is brown,crusty all around, with those little bumps you typically associate with commercial artisanal long loaves.
i use floured canvas to shape the loaves and to place them on the bread pan.
I have used it three times and each time like it more.
Way to go, Chicago! I am a baking pan snob and this does it all.
This pan is absolutely perfect for baking baguettes.
I enjoy baking bread - once you start making your own bread, the stuff from the supermarket just won't cut it.
I'm especially fond of hearty, crunchy loaves - a good solid crust is an art form.
Heavy construction, well made - feels like a quality piece (as do all of the Chicago Metallic pans I have).
If you are an amateur artisan bread baker, you've probably had the same problems I have had with shaping your loaves.
I would definitely recommend this pan to anyone who bakes bread at home.
One caveat - be sure to reduce your oven temperature by 25 degrees and cover the loaves with foil after 20 minutes to prevent burning.
I'd also watch and not use a wet dough since that might just stick in the holes.
I was hoping to make long and narrow baguettes.
This pan looks like it will make a wider loaf.
It is useful gadget for a bread lover.
The quality is nice and it does not bend or reform in a hot oven.
However I wish the sides were a bit higher on the outside.
It did exactly what we wanted it to do which was to provide a taller loaf than when using just a cookie sheet.
We spray the pan with oil before placing the loaves in the pan and have not had a sticking problem with 8+ loaves.
We use a bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise.
This works so much better than using a flat baking sheet for making french bread.
It is curved and it helps shape the loaf.
If you bake bread this is a MUST HAVE.
It will make your loaves really look professional out of the oven.
I wasn't sure when I placed this order, but I can say now that it was a great deal.
This pan is a pro and you'll be happy with the results it gives.Also an economical deal compared to other similar pan prices.
I'm a novice baker who vowed to learn the ins and outs of yeast bread when I retired from Information Technology--now there's a stretch.
I'm trying to decide on kneading in the KitchenAid vs.
kneading in the Cuisinart, vs kneading by hand.
I bought this French Bread Pan because I love the look and texture that you get on the bottom of store-bought loaves of sourdough.
The holes on the bottom allow the heat (and in some cases, steam) from the oven to circulate pretty evenly around the baking loaves.
Bread doesn't stick and you don't need anything special to clean these pans.
A few swipes with a clean, damp cloth, and these loaf pans are ready to be put away.
If there is any drawback to these pans, it's simply that they don't stack well.
But that's a small price to pay for the quality of the pan.
Another great product from one of my favorite kitchen ware companies.
While this makes great french bread, I love it for holding and helping shape soft loaves.
I did milk bread last night, and this helped the loaf stay in shape, not slide flat.
Makes perfectly shaped loaves, just like your local bakery.
I loved this pan the first time I used it.
The only thing is that the information that comes with it says to reduce the heat by 25 degrees.
The center of the loaf was SLIGHTLY undercooked.
And DO NOT let it rise on the pan...duh...some of the crust on the second loaf stuck into the tiny holes.
Remember to either spray it or use parchment when you place the loaves on.
If your dought isn't bone dry, you will be soaking and using a toothpick to get it clean for weeks.Great bread!.
I have used this bread pan several times to make french bread.
The bottom of the pan is perforated and does brown the bottom of the bread.
That is why I'm giving this product 5 stars.
I LOVE this pan! I bought this along with the baguette pan as I was getting frustrated with bread coming out flat.
The pans are easy to clean, and I have never had an issue with the dough getting stuck in the holes.
I always let my bread rise in an oiled bowl, so perhaps that helps.
I've made 3 batches of italian bread with this bread pan and it came out perfect everytime.
My bread wants to stick to the nonstick pan, but I line it with parchment paper and all is good.
I just received this pan the other day and already baked French Bread.
I originally bought this pan for myself but I liked it so much I've given them for gifts several times.
I like the way they bake the bread as well as the way they clean up.
Who ever did that should have clearly seen it was deformed and not packed it and retrieved different one for in the shipping carton.
Amazon had free shipping on my return also.The bread I bake with these pans is wonderful.
They come out perfect! The perforations in the pan are just the thing to get perfect texture on the loaf.
I recommend getting the "Cuisipro Stainless-Steel Spray Pump Non-Aerosol Mister" also with this pan.
Just make sure you don't use any sort of scouring pad to clean these (nylon pads are fine though).
This pan is fabulous for making French or Italian bread.
The loaves are perfectly shaped thanks to the curve of the pan and the bread develops a very nice crust due to the perforations.
I do spray the pans with cooking oil before baking.
She sent me a photo of two loaves of bread that she baked in this pan.
She was extremely happy with the results, as the bread baked evenly and the outside crust was nice and crisp.
Buy it if you want excellent baking results.
The few times I have used it so far it really helps the bread to cook all the way thru.
Do not have any problem getting the bread off the rack.
Also it takes up a lot less room in my oven than it would for two loafs on a sheet pan.
Bakes beautifilly rounded loaves evenly, all the way around.
I liked the first one I bought so much, I ordered a second one.
I love this pan! It is heavy in weight so I know it will last me a lifetime and cooks bread so nicely.
A must have in any kitchen for homemade breads.
The perforations allow the bread to develop a crisp, golden crust all over.
If you never though you could bake real artisan French bread from your own oven, get this pan AND the book!.
I have never had any problems using this pan.
The key is to use a recipe for French bread or baguettes, not just any bread recipe.
I use a bread machine dough cycle to prepare the dough, because I'm just not talented at breadmaking.
The French bread recipe in the machine's owner's manual worked fine, and so did a French bread recipe in a bread machine cookbook.
I think other doughs are too soft and get into the holes, as other reviewers have noted.
LOL  The Chicago Metallic baguette pan is easy to use and results in a crusty, chewy bread.
Great tool, if you like to bake your own baguettes this is GREAT!.
We use these pans daily, not only do they hold up well, they produce a beautiful product.
This was a Christmas present for my son who's taken an interest in baking.
This is a professional quality product and the price was reasonable.
The product met all of my expectations and I'm glad I purchased both the baguette and french bread pans.
I purchased this baguette pan along with its brother, the french bread pan.
Makes perfectly shaped loaves with nice crispy crust, just like your local bakery.
Would make a nice addition to anyones kitchen arsenal.
Sometimes it is hard to find fresh sourdough baguettes at a store or bakery on the weekend, so I learned to bake them.
After preparing the bread dough and dividing it into threes, I cover it with plastic wrap and refrigerate it overnight.
The next day, I place the room-temperature dough in a lightly oiled Chicago Metallic Professional Perforated Pan on a baking stone on my oven rack.
The baguette crust comes out crisp and the inside is chewy and moist.
Having tried a wonderful cheddar cheese baguette at a restuarant I made an attempt to duplicate those efforts.
Fortunately, my broiler pan was below with water for steam and caught the cheddar dripping from my baguettes.
I've been using this Chicago Metallic baguette pan for 5 years, and it is simple and very effective.
I use a standard 3-cup dough recipe that I develop in my bread machine, and this pan delivers great baguettes every time.
As previous reviews have suggested, don't neglect a spritz of non-stick spray before putting the dough on the pan to rise.
I have enjoyed Subway style sandwiches in the past and now with my own pans I am able to enjoy my own.
I used this pan once so far and have nothing but positive things to say about it.
This has to be my favorite pan for making the outside crust on the bread very crisp.
It seems that the heat flows better through this pan with the perforation.
While the pan is very sturdy and of a heavy gauge, it should provide you with wonderful bread in the years to come.
Be sure to give the pan a quick spray of non-stick spray before cooking, but you would do this when making any kind of bread.
If you are a bread maker and haven't given bagettes a try, this would be the idea pan to do this with.
I use this to make the Best Bread Ever by Charlie VanOver (baguettes using a food processor).
He recommends not putting it on the stone if using a convection oven.
If the dough gets stuck in the holes, your dough is way too wet.
I have been impressed with Chicago Metallic's baking equipment, so when it came time to get a baguette pan this was right where I went.
I have never had a problem with the loaf sticking to the pan, or any other problems for that matter.
I don't oil the surface as some have recommended, which has worked out just fine.
These sheets were recommended by Cooks magazine, and they are awesome.
Until I change my kitchen drawers with ikea parts, I am using these cookie sheets as liners.
I bought a couple of these cookie sheets a few years back.
I appreciate the design as I can put a lot of cookies on it or a braided bread, pizza, etc.
They have been accidentally dropped several times and no problem.
I've baked sour dough bread, baguettes, pretzels, and cookies with it.
The underside of the food was evenly cooked.
It does bend slightly while baking but will straighten itself out once cooled.Cleanup is easy.
This past Christmas, armed with every kitchen aid I could imagine, I baked several batches of Toll House chocolate chip cookies.
I made sure the baking sheet was cold, that the oven was the correct temperature and that the dough was properly chilled.
None-the-less, almost all the cookies were a little overdone on the bottom.
They do scratch easily, but that doesn't matter.
The small black spots are like chemical erosion, but I only use them for cookies & once in awhile fish products.
I think with the way quality goes these days, they may be the best on the market.
This cookie sheet is a great size and works very well.
I bought a couple of these from Amazon & absolutely love them.
They're made to last, a nice non-warping heavy-weight, designed with a small upward curve on the ends, which make for easy removal from the oven.
Plus I can bake more than a dozen at a time.
Which lowers the time required bake a batch of cookies.
They're a cookie bakers BEST friend, nice EVEN browning every time.
Only greased them for things like baking powder biscuits & they turned out beautifully.
If you enjoy baking cookies - I highly recommend these.
I've used many other types of baking sheets & had the best results with these.
A lot of folks who don't understand commercial products have left misleading feedback.This is a professional cookie sheet--no frills.
It's heavy enough not to warp but no heavier.
It's designed for a specific amount of browning.
Bakers who want less browning typically stack a pair of rimmed half sheet pans to create some insulation.
Yum.To the person who complained about food sticking: it's not non-stick.
If you're going to buy a professional product, do some research before complaining.
I've used these cookie sheets for over five years now.
We bake a lot of cookies in our house.
The cookies are rarely over or under done.
They also rarely stick.The sheets can warp a bit in a hotter oven, but that hasn't ever been a problem for us.The size is nice.
Big enough to put on sixteen plus cookies.
This matched up with a Chicago Metallic cooling rack is a great combo.
Our cookies really do come out better, and this pan never warps even though it is fairly thin.
Bent edges make grabbing it with oven mitts very easy.
These cookie sheets are made to last!  They are extremely heavy, and this larger commerical size is perfect for baking large batches of cookies.
These cookie sheets are solid, and can take plenty of use!  They do not rust, discolor, but always maintain their original shape.
If you make cookies on a regular basis, this cookie sheets would fit your needs.
That has been my concern and chief complaint every time I would bake anything.
Do not be fooled by the low price; these are a true bargain!.
This is a premier baking sheet at a fraction of the cost.
Made of commercial grade materials, it delivers quality nearly every time.
I have made many different foods on these sheets, including fish sticks, cookies, meats and roasted potatoes.
It works great with everyone, and there is no transfer ever.
I ran into this when I needed to visit a friend's home and do baking, and they didn't fit into her wall oven.
Not really Chicago Metallic's fault, just something to watch out for.
After a lifetime of nonstick baking sheets, I was persuaded to try this basic metal jelly roll pan with a parchment liner instead.
With the old nonstick sheets (of which I tried and discarded several brands over the years)the burn rate was more like 25-50%.
Ordered an additional one after first one arrived.
I agree about the glue used to adhere label.
Both pans ended up scratched because glue was overkill and extremly hard to remove.
After using non-stick for several years I decided to try one of these out after reading some of the reviews.
After my first one came in I bought two more.I've now had them for almost two years and they are holding up very well.
I use them for everything, from bread to cookies, chicken breast to hamburger patties.
Along with my silicone matt, clean up is fast and easy.
This is a product that I think will last for a long time.
We use a baking mat on top of it, and it's perfect for cookies and other baked items.
The item is substantial, and we had no problems taking the glue off.
I've only given this 4 stars, only because I haven't used it for everything it's designed for.
I have used it mostly for baking chicken pieces and roasting vegetables.
I'm amazed at the difference between other brands.
At one point I had 2 pans of chicken pieces in the oven - one Chicago Metallic, and the other a cheaper brand.
Not only was the Chicago Metallic easier to clean, but the chicken browned and cooked more evenly and was moist.
This is the first non stick baking sheet I have owned.
What a find !  The baking is even and quick.
I used parchment paper and had no problems with clean up.
The weight and color of the pan is wonderful and comes with a 25 year warranty on workmanship.
I bake everyday and anticipate no problems.As to the glue issue, there was a little on the pan but pulled up with little effort.
(I suppose the cold weather helped with this.)Happy Baking !.
Clear 3M Scotch tape) and stick the tape over the glue area and pull off to remove the glue.
Do this under good light so you can see the dullness of the adhesive layer on the surface.
Repeat as many times as necessary until the surface is uniform (no more trace of glue).
Give it a final soapy wash.If step 5 is not satisfactory, do step 4 then 5.
(Repeat as needed).My pan surfaces are pristine and I can't tell where the glue used to be.
This pan bakes evenly and doesn't scorch the bottoms of cookies, like most dark or nonstick baking sheets do.
There are times when you need a baking sheet that you don't have to worry about marring the non-stick coating while cutting (e.g pizza).
I purchased three of these pans to aide my cookie baking adventures for the holiday season.
They are firm, sturdy, and are very nice quality.
These are not non-stick pans, but they do quite well.
The high quality of the metal in these pans enables the pan to have even heat distribution with no hot spots.
I have used these for cookie making, candied nuts, and to help me get stuff off of the grill.
I love these pans, not the cheapest pan, but these will not let you down.
From spreading fruits (blueberries) for freezing to baking cookies or pizza.
They are now 8 years old and have held up very well.
Limited scratching from cutting pizzas, but doesn't impair cooking other things.
However, even with using a scrubbie, Cameo metal cleaner and then Goo Gone, it took almost an hour to get all of the glue off.
They main selling point was their "no-stick" coating.
These pans are heavy gauge aluminum - HEAVY.
They retain their shape and they spread the heat evenly.
NO hot spots!  They are heavy gauge aluminum - HEAVY.
They don't burn which means they clean up easily (remember the PAM thing).
There is no funky coating to flake off down the road.
The sides are actually strait for good cake making.
Perfect depth, excellent cake surface, and wonderful heat distribution.
We use these in my bakery/cafe and they are strong, durable and cook evenly.
They will last a home cook forever and us for years to come.
I love all of my products from Chicago Metallic.
They perform well, don't warp and clean easily.
I have been replacing all of my non stick bakeware and the commercial line from Chicago Metallic is excellent.
Clumsy and break glass dishes often? Forget Pyrex pie pans, get these instead!!!Nicely browned and flaky crust pies you'd absolutely get.
Durable and easy to clean you'd definitely save money and time.A Must Have Pie Pans !!!.
We tried these for Thanksgiving and the crusts came out very consistent.
I made one pie a long time ago in college, so I'm calling the pies I made recently with these pans my 1st "real" pies.
I found these pans to be incredible!  I made four pumpkin/pecan pies over Thanksgiving, and I couldn't have wanted a better quality pan.
I love the perforations in the bottom of the pans and am sure that's why the crust was so flaky and evenly baked to perfection.
I actually want to buy two more so I can be preparing two pies while two are baking.
I have many pieces from the Chicago Metallic line and am very happy with all of them.
milkPut all ingredients into a 9 inch pie pan.
Mix with a fork until well blended and pat into the pan.
Push the pastry up the sides and form a nice edge with your thumb and finger.
Use PAM or a baking spray with flour on it.
I havent tried it with cooking oil or parchment yet.
But, like anything with wholes in it if the crust isnt dried and floured, it's gonna sag thru the holes.
I'm going to buy some of those silicon baking sheets for it.
The perforations in the bottom help the cust to brown more evenly.
When making pies from very juicy fruits, a non-perforated pan will cause the crust to be soggy.
And, these are great pans:  a nice size and a good thickness.
I love them, and am ordering more since I've given away to friends the two I had.
Prick the crust with a fork, and bake crust alone at 400 degrees until browned (about 10 minutes).Slice 5 ripe pears and arrange in crust.
In a plastic quart-size bag, knead 1/3 cup butter, 3/4 cup flour, 1/2 cup suger, and about 1/2 tsp of cinnamon until it is crumbly.
This loaf pan is heavy weight and very durable.
Anything that you bake in it browns evenly not to mention easy release when you bake bread.
I have a lot of loaf pans but this out does them all.
It's heavy duty, cleans up nice, and cooks evenly.
It gets darker the more you use it.
I had forgotten that it was bright and shiny when I first received it.
Yes, I know that using it as mold for freezer food is not the original intention, I'm just saying there are options.
;o)The main intention obviously is baking bread, and it really does do a great job.
I also have heavy duty af shaped as a cover for the top.
Remembered that I needed to do a review.
All of my reviews on the Chicago Metallic bakeware are going to look much the same.
They all have nooks and crannies that are difficult to keep clean.But, boy this stuff can cook.
You can simply feel the top quality of these pans.
Best pans you'll even own.Great for Challa, and any type of bread.
This top quality, commercial grade loaf pan delivers on its promise.
The coating creates a quick release crust that does not equate with dryness, only deliciousness.
Please keep in mind that this is a specialty item expressly designed for baked goods and not meatloaf.
This Chicago Metallic is the best at its intended use, turning out best quality bread loaves, pound cakes and other breads of every description.
I kept putting it back on, and it seems to stay on now when I use it.
Awesome pan, very heavy duty, lid is also great.
Makes a great gift or addition to any kitchen.
This is a handy duo!  The pan as usual is sturdy and the lid well, don't know what it's made of but very flexible.
The lid has a slight dome to it so it doesn't mash the contents when opening.Again, follow instructions on cook time, oven temp.
I cannot wait for a family or neighborhood gathering where I can show this off !!  This was another great addition to my collection.
This pan was exactly what I needed for brownies and other baked items, but the lid is essentially useless.
For the money, the pan is still a decent bargain.
I bought this as a gift for someone who wanted one.
I did not read carefully and it is a bit smaller that I expected but fits a steak or a couple of burgers.
She says it is well made and cleans easily.
Helps me use my toaster oven more and my full size oven less.
Great for cooking small quantities for 1 or 2 people.
I use my toaster oven all the time and this little pan helps with warming up a few servings of just about anything.
Broiler pan comes in handy too for frozen wings or most little things you do not want to start the big broiler for.
I bought this pan set to use with my new Cuisinart toaster oven.
I've use it several times and I am quite happy with it's performance.
I intend on purchasing another one.Regarding it's size, even knowing the stated measurements beforehand, for some reason it still seemed smaller than I anticipated.
Or maybe it's that I am not used to toaster oven size pans.
The size is fine for me as I generally just cook for myself.
However, fitting large portions on it would be a problem.
Two pork chops is all you are going to fit on it.
Large and sturdy - doesn't bend under the weight no matter how much I put on it.
I wanted a rack big enough to handle my giant cookies.
The vent holes are small so I don't have to worry about hot, soft cookies bending or breaking.
No more waiting, and waiting for cakes to cool to frost them.
The grids are spaced close enough together so cookies do not fall through.
Its great to have a big rack to fit lots of cookies.
It also has the added advantage of small mesh so things do'nt fall through.
This grid, placed over a sheet pan, is perfect for draining/cooling fried foods,cookies, etc.
-- watch Alton Brown to see what I mean.
I've even used it to support a roast in a 350 degree oven with good results.
I needed something bigger than your usual cooling rack as I do 3 or four loaves at a time.
This was reasonably priced and looks like it will last forever.
I think it was a pretty good buy.
3 times heavier than anything around for just a little bit more.
Unfortunately, they do not fit the Chicago Mettalic half sheet pans.
They still work fine but that caused me to give one less star.
You would think that Chicago Metallic would make these to fit the sheet pans.
i love these racks!  as someone who is not a fan of non-stick products, I am so happy these racks exist.
non-stick is not even healthy, but back to the product.
these are well made, do the job, and clean up nicely.
i am a frequent baker and they certainly come in handy.
all of my bakeware is chicago metallic and i am very happy with their products.
This unit has a loud buzzer that alerts you when they're done (or when the time is up).
We've had this very egg head for 5 years and we adore it.
Yes it does wake the dead and kinda glad to see that our old machine is still made with that same buzzer.
We only hard cook and on occasion softer cook eggs.
Don't try to use the poach egged methods.
Otherwise we adore it and make that I adore it.
What a delight and yes wakeup call to your nervous system....go for it!.
If you like hard boiled eggs (and who doesn't :-) this is IT!Easy to use, consistent, perfect eggs every time.
I'd give it 6 stars if I could.
Sure the buzzer is loud, but not any louder than a clothes dryer buzzer.I'm so glad I bought this.
That is over 250 uses and still going strong.
as far as steam is concerned, of course it produces steam!  It is a cooking unit that produces boiling water.
I'm a fairly serious cook, so I need to measure a lot.
A beaker, you say?  But once you use it -- you'll never go back.
Ever.I measure things and then shake to mix.
Great for drinks, but also especially for cooking.
Alton Brown on the TV Show Good Eats uses a similar one (not sure if they are the same).
It has some classy looks going on too -- nice as well as functional.
I have had this item since 2007 and still use it weekly.
Works great for people who cook a lot.
I have always hand washed it since it is so small.
None of the markings have work off and it has not cracked anywhere.
Only irritations are the hollow bottom collects water when upside down to dry and it is quite scratched.
Still fantastic for adding TBS to a cup which is often something I have to do baking at high altitude.
This is the most handy measuring unit I've owned.
Measurements are clearly marked for teaspoons, ml/ccm, pint units, cups, tablespoons, and ounces.
The beaker's design is sturdy and it's deep enough to securely hold a long thermometer.If you're into cooking and baking, this beaker is a must.
I bought this in 2004 and although I use it still, I really need to order a new one.
It has many small cracks in the plastic now and some of the markings are really hard to see.
It also has a few chips off the rim.
I love how it works and its my favorite measuring device, but the plastic is a bit brittle.
It started cracking a bit after a couple of years.
Considering I still use it now after 10 years, I guess it held up fine considering that.
Just looks really bad.The lid died very shortly after purchasing though.
I bought this one because most of the recipes I do are in CC and in America people don't use that much.
Despite my skepticism, this item is great and works beautifully.
It is not difficult to clean as I had expected it would be.
As a former chemist, among other things, I really appreciate this measuring cup as the very best improvement over the old pyrex glass cups.
There are really good reasons to do solids with the stainless steel spoons and cups.
I was a bit skeptical of the practicality of this.
I've used the glass Pyrex measuring "cups" but I've found that they are not always so precise.
Sometimes the measuring marks are even printed off kilter.
This "perfect beaker" however is much more accurate and I've come to like it quite a bit.
Because it is so narrow near the base, it is much more precise for measuring smaller amounts.
I'm not really sure what the practicality of the lid is.
I've never stored anything in this, only for measuring liquids.
Also helpful is that there are multiple measurements, including cups, ounces, tablespoons, milliliters, et cetera.
This sat on my shelf for a long time.
I originally bought it to bake German recipes from my mother's old recipes.
Then, I bought a scale, which solved that problem.
One day, I grabbed it while making margaritas.
I liked being able to measure cups and ounces so easily.
Now, this has become my go-to measuring cup when working with liquids.
I don't wash it in the dishwasher, finding that hand washing works just as well.
The material is very easy to see measurements on though and for me that's the most important thing.
So far I'm very pleased with this purchase.
If you're like me, and need to use alot of measuring implements, then this is the one for you.
I love it!!! I love it so much I bought 2!The cover is great, too.
It keeps everything fresh and in one place until you need it.
Odd how a measuring cup (or as it is called a beaker) can be so different and pleasing.
This one is!  It is so much better than our Pyrex measuring cups.
It's ideal for those recipes that combine measures, e.g., "one cup plus two tablespoons of sugar".
The design is attractive enough to leave on the counter, and the acrylic material also makes it lightweight.
I was just praising whoever designed it in my review of "The Design of Things to Come" by Craig M.
Vogel, Jonathan Cagan and Peter Boatwright because the Perfect Beaker transforms a typical cooking utensil into an ideal combination of aesthetics and function.
I've used mine almost daily for 10 years; it makes a noticeable improvement in convenience.
I only wish the plastic hadn't started to craze after about 3 years.
It doesn't seem to have affected performance so far, but it probably will in another 10 years.
I do not put it in the dishwasher so I cannot speak for those that do.
Bought it because Alton Brown used it on his show.
Seems like it would melt in the dishwasher.
This is a great tool for measuring liquid ingredients.
Since I do a lot of cooking and baking I find myself using it a lot.
I am able to pour boiling hot water into it without any problems.
It is best to not use it to measure oils since you tend to leave some behind.
Also I find the lid that comes with it to be pretty much pointless.
I just leave it sitting in a drawer and have not used it once since I purchased the beaker.
My major problem with this is that over the years cracks have begun to develop along the bottom and sides of my container.
It hasn't caused any leaks but I am sure I will need to buy a new one eventually.
Until then it still serves it purpose well.
But I do agree with a past reviewer that it would be great if they made one of these out of glass.
What's nice about it is you have a lot of different measurements in one place.
Plus I've found it to be very accurate.
It measures CUPS, OZ, TBSP, TSP, ML/CCM/, and PINT.
I do wish it were glass instead of plastic.
It is graduated for practically any measurement you're likely to use and several you probably won't.
The fact that this beaker has so many different measuring scales makes it one of the most useful measuring cups in my cabinet.
The one thing I dislike about it is that the base fills with water in the dishwasher.
Surely they could have altered the design to keep that from happening.
I don't use these beakers much in my cooking but I had a gut feeling I'd need this and on Thanksgiving, I did.
It's plastic but does feel quite durable and is made in Germany.
I've had one of these for over 10 years; and not too long ago it got a thin stress crack in it.
Not bad at all for all the bounces and crashes in the sink and dishwasher.
The wide variety of scales (ounces, cups, metric, etc) and a variety of fractions for cups, comes in quite handy.
And the markings are just as visible after 10 years, unlike Tupperware measuring pitchers.
And if you don't you should try it.
It makes measuring so much easier than traditional cups.
The reason I like this is it has the potential of not needing to use multiple measuring tools in one kitchen session.
Around the beaker are many units of measurements.
It is small at the bottom but the base is very stable.This beaker is made of light and thin plastic.
Unfortunately, the lid seems to be flimsy and cheaply made.I like the versatility and usefulness of this beaker.
I bake a lot and find that I'm reaching for this measuring cup all the time.
I can actually SEE the numbers and it feels good in your hand - you can get a good grip on it.
I am a avid gardener and from time to time I find the need to spray pests on my lawn or shrubs.
The trouble is, there are rarely measurements on the bottle so that one can dispense the correct amount of product per gallon.
You can easily and concisely measure the product that you need with no hassle.
The cone shape really helps to get an accurate measurement for small quantities.
I like it so well I am going to have to buy a couple more.
This arrived in a timely manner, packaged well.
It was a tad more light-weight that I thought it would be however, it has measurements for anything I could ever want.
I use it a great deal of the time and will get another one soon.
In fact, owning more than one may be ideal!The way I prefer to rate it:  Five stars on usability and usefulness.
It's gone through a lot of use, abuse, and just about lives in the dishwasher.
Can measure up to two cups.Cons: It doesn't have a pouring spout for liquids (although it hasn't been a severe problem with me).
The hollow base fills with dirty dishwasher water when clean in the dishwasher (but it cleans out quickly).
The only reason we give this product four out of five stars is because it is made of plastic rather than pyrex.
The graduated  measurements make it extremely easy to read and to fill.
It is very well balanced and doesn't tip over when liquid is poured into it, which was a fear of mine when I bought it.
Beside my OXO Angled Measuring Jigger, my Emsa Perfect Beaker Measuring Beaker is probably the most-used tool in my bar.
I bounght mine six years ago in 2007.
But the Perfect Beaker just keeps steaming along.
It's tough: The markings are still perfectly readable and unfaded after six years, even with a lot of trips through the dishwasher.Good stuff!.
The perfect beaker is indeed the perfect way to measure out all you dry or wet ingredients.
I picked it up after watching a rerun of Alton Brown.
I used it to quickly measure some stuff for Xmas cooking.
Have hand washed it after reading other reviews of the markings wiping off.
I will keep you posted if it comes off.
It fits snugly and works well for salad dressings.
Plastic also seems to hang on to fats and oils more tenaciously than does glass or metal, so that clean up is a bit harder.
Still, it's light, easy to use and doesn't take up much space in the cabinet.
I can live with a few scuffs and a little extra dishwashing liquid for clean-up.
Try it; you'll love it.[Edited to add:  I have to concur with the reviewer who wished this beaker was made from Pyrex.
Though it would be substantially heavier, I might still have it.
Scuffed and weakened by constant use, it finally cracked when I used it to measure hot (not boiling) water.
I will get another, but because I'll have to be more cautious with it, I'm not as wholly sold on it as I once was.
No points taken away, though; it's still a great idea.].
And I use this one quite frequently for measuring liquids.
It's light weight, easy to hold onto, and is an accurate measure.
It doesn't have a pour spout, but liquid seems to pour out of it just fine without dripping down the sides.
It's also handy for add-ons when measuring by weight; because of the small footprint, it fits well on my small kitchen scale.
The basket is great quality and works perfectly for 500 gram (dry) flour batch sizes or smaller.
Basically, 500 grams is the amount of dry flour used in a typical &#34;loaf pan&#34; for bread.
If you are baking larger loaves then you'll want a bigger proofing basket.
Fun to use!!!  I got rave reviews about the  bread I poofed in this.
I purchased several of these bread forms for my daughter's birthday at her request.
She really likes this kind of form and now owns several.
She's an experienced baker and bakes several times a week.
She is otherwise quite happy with the forms.
They're really sturdy and should last her the rest of her life.
This is the largest brotform I've ever used.
I've used theKasskonnen Brotform 9 inch Ovalfor a long time, but this 8" round brotform is much bigger.
I had mixed results when I first used this brotform.
The first batch was a nice medium sized loaf, but I only filled a fraction of the brotform with dough.
After baking, the loaf came out to the size of a layer cake.
The loaf that large didn't really retain its round form either.
It was still beautiful though.If you've never used a brotform, try your best to keep it dry.
Then dump that flour out into the trash and feel around to see if it feels smooth all around.
Then apply more flour before you add the dough.
I've had my best results since I stopped washing my brotforms.
I got this as a Christmas gift for my wife and she's been baking bread ever since.
I've put photos of her finished product on Facebook and it looks (and tastes) as good as the finest artisian bread.
The brotform gives the bread the contoured look of a professional product.
I love the design it give my bread, It shapes the bread nicely and helps the bread rise beautifully.
The brotform is very useful with the soft doughs created by "no knead" bread recipes.
It encourages the dough to rise higher than it would if it were just left on a flat surface.
Check the internet for tips on flowering or otherwise lining the basket before use.
After my first try, I got the knack of it and am pleased with the results.
It is also great with regular kneaded doughs.
This is a high quality basket at a very good price.
I wish I had enough experience to know this would require 2 loaves at a time to fill the basket.
I see now I could have bought a smaller one.
Anyway it does nice job of patterning the bread so I seem like a pro baker to my family and friends.
This always makes me smile since I am only an amateur.
My husband is the cook and makes a fresh artisan bread load everyday.
This basket was the perfect gift for him!.
What a total pain it was to clean.
Bought the Melitta based upon Amazon reviews as I really wanted something easier to clean.
Various plastic bits broke during the first year and I got 2-3 replacement parts under warranty.
Post warranty everything has held up fine so far.
I would buy another as I've been very happy with the coffee from the Melitta.
This is the best coffee pot in the world.
I have owned two, and like everyone else has mentioned, always push the button to open and close the grinder area.
If you can do that, the coffee pot will last forever.
I also love the ease of cleaning, you just rinse one area of wet grinds down the sink.
Little hint...put press and seal over the hole in the back and you can fill it more.
A few tips for use:~To make cleaning as pain-free as possible, empty the grinds basket as soon as it cools down, or shortly thereafter.
Basically, I just rinse all the parts well and they do just fine.
I was surprised to see how small this unit is compared to other grind and brew coffee makers I've had.
I did notice that you need to put in at least one extra cup of water to get the number of cups you really want.
It loses at least a cup in brewing.
I only gave it four stars because 1.
it's a 10 cup not a 12 cup 2.
Considering the price of this unit, it's a great buy!.
researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one.
at last minute found this and read reviews.
have had success in past w/ this brand.
had this nearly a year and really really like it.
Our first coffee maker was a Krups that lasted 14 years.
Naturally, we replaced it with another Krups but were disappointed with the quality upon opening it and seeing how thinly made the glass carafe was.
Perhaps we've had it about a year now.
We chose this after reading that the Cuisinart was loud and difficult to clean.
This coffee maker is easy to clean and the glass carafe is sturdy.
We regularly use the timer and grinder and like this coffee maker very much.
We'd gladly recommend this as we get tired of grinding coffee separately.
A true coffee snob would never use a drip Coffeemaker.
Here's what's great about this pot:Built in Grinder: Coffee is ground fresh in the morning for the best brew.
Also, you don't spill grounds on the kitchen counter.
Put your old grinder in the basement.Simple design: My 9 year old makes the coffee now.
Easy to clean, takes up no more space on the counter.
The Cuisinart looks like a plumbing nightmare compared to this.(And its HUGE.)Pours without spilling: I loved my old Mr.
I'm on my third or fourth one of these, can't remember.
Just treat it ever so gently when cleaning, handling and re-assembling its plastic parts.
I purchased this coffee maker from Amazon and was very pleased with the operation and quality of the coffee that it produced.
After closely reading the maintenance section of the instructions, I find that the carafee, grinder and grounds holder should not be cleaned in the dishwasher.
That put an abrupt end to my liking this instrument.
These brewing parts are a pain to clean.
I returned the whole maker to Amazon and received a full purchase price refund including shipping.
Have used the Melitta Mill-N-Brew for 9 months now and have enjoyed the great coffee from fresh beans.
You can set the grind...I like the #2 setting.
The coffee is so good that I have to make 2 pots each morning.Unfortunately, I have to go buy another Mill-N-Brew today.
A little plastic tab on the cover of the bean compartment broke off and the cover will not latch.
Have not been able to buy just the part.
(Based on those reviews I bought this coffee maker 2 weeks ago).
Interesting....This coffee maker makes a good cup of coffee, but not if you use the quantity of beans they suggest in the manual.
I agree with other readers that paper filter machines make a better cup of coffee, but the difference is not huge.
Filters will not work in this coffee maker, as the grinder blades are sitting in the drip basket.
I would like this machine a lot better with a thermal, not glass carafe.
Its not a big issue for me 'though.
so if you like to brew less, you should probably get the Melitta ME2TMB, but that one  does not have a mill.
The ease and convenience of this  Melitta MEMB1B Mill & Brew make it a great buy.
I had been looking a different self contained coffee makers and was hesitant to purchase one.
I'd read that some were difficult to clean.
Melitta as a manufacturer has always been about coffee, so when this product came up in my gold box offering, I took the plunge.
It is not difficult to clean or assemble.
The only change I'd make is a slight one.
A slight adjustment by the manufacturer could easily correct this and there are plenty of ways to remedy that slight oversight.
It's certainly not enough to rate this product less than 5 stars.
I get rave reviews on the coffe this machine produces.
Without the paper filters, you get a more flavorful cup.
Fill the basket with coffee beans, the resevoir with water , set the timer and wake up to fresh hot coffee every morning.
Quiet grinder does not wake you before your alarm clock.
Bought the BLACK Melitta Mill & Brew over a year ago (actually longer, but, I can't find my order info.
in my Inbox) and it's still the best coffeemaker we've ever bought.
So, Melitta--what's up?  Our daughter wants one and it seems it's no longer available and I can't find a replacement.
If anyone knows, please reply to this review.P.S.
I also let the filter cup "fall" into place when I put it back in.
The markings are NOT accurate according to most coffee mugs.
Maybe the markings are based on 6 ounce "cups" of coffee--which no one uses.
I also made a "personal measurement" strip of tape with freezer tape and taped it "up" the side of the caraffe.
It has held through many, many washings of the pot until recently.
I guess in 2011 I'll have to make a new strip.
:-)  Little trouble I would say for a great cup(mug!) of coffee every morning.RE:  capacityMaybe capacity is another slight "con".
If you have several people over for coffee you'll need to make one pot and put into a thermal pot and then make another pot.
The caraffe only makes about 6-8 mugs/cups--depending on the size of the cup.
Some coffeemakers make 12; this one doesn't.So, Melitta--bring it on!  I have another sale for you!.
The world of grind and brew coffeemakers is a crapshoot - I had a Cuisinart Grind and Brew and had nothing but problems.
This coffeemaker is great, small, quiet, and makes great coffee! I only have one complaint - the coffee is never really &quot;hot&quot;.
And I'm very sensitive to hot coffee - I can't even pretend to start drinking a hot cup of joe from Caribou.
But from this, the coffee is never really steaming, never really hot.
So it's drinkable right away, but if you don't drink your mug within about 10 minutes, it's cold.
Long ago, I had a Toshiba grind/brew machine.
It was great, but sounded like a chainsaw when the grinder went off.
I went through several Brauns, Krups, and a Cuisinart, and with a couple of burr grinders on the side.
I wanted the convenience of putting the grinder into the coffee maker.
I don't think there was one positive review.
I examined it in some local stores, and did some price checking.
I ordered from Amazon (best price and free shipping).
This is a great machine, easy to use, and it makes great coffee.
As another reviewer pointed out, it does not have an adjustable heating plate.
However, that is not an issue for me, since I always move the coffee into an insulated carafe.
When you add in the great price here at Amazon, this is a five-star winner.
This Melitta is the best! After two Cuisinart's - one of which was replaced under warranty three times - I am delighted with the Melitta.
I have owned this pot for 3 years now and it still works great.
I owned a Cuisinart grind and brew and thought it was terrific.
That was until it broke (in it's defense it lasted 3 years) and I ordered this Melitta Coffee Maker.
This is absolutely the best coffee I have tasted.
Thanks Melitta for making a first rate appliance at a great price!!!.
If it doesn't close easily, take out the basket, manually spin the knob on the bottom a few times, re-insert, and try again.
If you stick to this procedure it'll last a very, very long time and you'll avoid the only problem with this otherwise-spectacular product.
It does the job; it grinds the beans and brews coffee.
But there is a couple of things they can improve.1.
When it grinds the bean, the coffee powder sticks to the lid and the top edge of the basket.
The measuring marks on the canister and the water tank don't match.
3 Cups in the canister is only 2 cups in the water tank.
I tried to use it as a coffee grinder for my Espresso machine.
Even though the basket was completely dry, some powder still stuck in the bottom.
The grinding/brewing basket is a metal mesh so no more paper filters to buy.
Also, a fair bit of steam comes out of the top of the (rather tall) unit.
So if you are planning to put this on a counter under a cabinet you might want to rethink the location.
This is my first maker ever and I read all the reviews on Amazon which pointed to this one being best.
I found that the grinds don't seem to be there when placed on setting 7 and overall I am really happy with it.
If you are looking for a mill/brew I think this is the best.
It makes very good coffee and the grinding/programming functions are easy to understand and use.
I first reviewed this 2 years ago, and gave it 5 stars.
Now my great review is not so amazing.
After the first one broke I thought it was my fault, slamming the lid, etc.
Bought the second and was VERY CAREFUL, yet same problem.
Read on.I have had 2 of these coffee makers and am now in the market for a third, however, this time I may look elsewhere.
Problem is the part that breaks cannot be fixed.
with repeated everyday use, the small plastic latch piece that keeps the top, which covers the coffee basket, secure, will break off due to stress.
This even happens if you are very careful and press the button down first, so that the latch does not click into place.
Once this is broken, the lid will not stay closed, so the coffee will not brew, and the machine is pretty much useless.
You can tape it down every time, but that is a pain.
Melitta needs to address this issue and put a sturdier latching mechanism on the machine.
This is why it is a two star out of 5.
I am personally not into spending 60 dollars every year or so for a new machine.
The only reason I bought 2 is because I don't know who else who sells a similar machine at a reasonable price.
I bought this when my noisy and messy Cuisinart Grind & Brew stopped grinding and brewing.
It no longer sounds like an F16 taking off in my kitchen! You can't even hear it two rooms away.
There are fewer parts to clean each time (5 compared to 7).
I end up using one scoop to every four cups of water instead of one scoop to every six.
I will miss this one greatly when my new one breaks.
I ditched my leaky Michael Graves coffee maker and stepped up to get this little Melitta number.
It's the best decision I've made in months.
Most mill and brew makers are way out of the average budget, but this one is both reasonably priced and easy to use.
This is a great coffee maker for the money!  The features I like best are the adjustable grinder and timer.
Also, I don't have to worry about leaving it on in the mornings.
Make your mornings happier with this excellent coffee bargain!.
THIS IS AN AWESOME COFFEE MAKER, PLUS NO OTHER COMPANY MAKES A MILL AND BREW THAT DOES NOT REQIRE FILTERS.
EASY TO CLEAN, AWESOME COFFEE, GREAT QUALITY !!!  THIS IS THE SECOND MACHINE WE OWN, EXTREMLY HAPPY WITH MELITTA.
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT COFFEE MAKER, THIS IS THE BEST THERE IS.
Is that why I can't buy any this Christmas?.
Very happy with this product -- my first ever Melitaa appliance.
I have had it for only 3 weeks, and so far it appears pretty sturdy.
If you like the grind and brew, this is the best one for the money.
It's easy to clean, doesn't hog too much counter space and is easy to program.
I gave it four stars because I like really stong coffee (Turkish) and there is no slow brew option.
I had the original Cuisinart pot, which was painfully loud and had too many parts to clean.
For those who like strong coffee, you'll have to use extra beans.
I've had this coffeemaker for a month now, and I'm very pleased.
The instructions are not the most clear ones I've ever seen.
But once you get the hang of it, it's just lovely.
And I've never had a better cup of coffee made at home.Recommended.
The grinder works well--certainly as well as these ubiquitous stand-up press-the-top grinders.
This has been an excellent coffeemaker so far.
Far more features than you would expect at this price.
Wonderful value.ConsThe water fill slot is a little small and takes a steady hand.
I find that one scoop of beans is good for 1-1.5 cups of coffee, not 1 scoop per 2 as the instructions say.
My old coffee maker required a quick microwaving of the coffee to get it warm enough.
Now that I have a timer, I've never used it.
I was amused because I use a plastic cup specially modified to fit in this same space.
Plus, its' sleak appearance and not-too-big size fits right into our kitchen decor.
No big time displays - just a great cup of coffee every time.
Can't recommend this highly enough!  Just remember that the timer won't set until the coffee bean cover is closed (the book doesn't mention this).
We had NONE of the problems mentioned in the other reviews.
Features: 5 of 5 starsFunction: 5Form: 5Cust Svc: 5Quality/durability: 3I bought the MEMB1B.
At the time I think I could only find one other brand with the same combination of features.
I really like all the features, functionality and form factor of this model.
Every pot of coffee is consistent after finding the right balance of grinding time, beans and water.
This required sending the entire unit back to Salton/Melitta and they shipped me a brand new replacement.
I really love having this coffee maker, but even at the current.
price, I'd have to caution others to shop around and inspect other brand units for durability before making a decision to purchase.
A solid four stars and a good value for the price.
The mesh on the basket also tore after about 2 years.
It makes a good cup of fresh coffee and is easy to clean.
I wish the auto turnoff timer could be adjusted, as I don't always want it to turn off after just one hour.
This is a better machine for the price than the Cuisenart, I just wish it didn't have so many parts break so quicklly.
I purchased this item for a Christmas gift for 2006.
Quite useful coffeemaker, much loved in the house!.
When my KRUPS breaks, I will replace with the Melitta and hopefully their white model will be cheaper.
This combo coffee maker and mill is super! It is much more convenient and definitely less messy than the separate units.
My husband swears that the coffee tastes better! Thanks for this wonderful product.
You will want to use AT LEAST 1.5 scoops per 2 cups of coffee, and some will want 1 scoop per cup.
Cleaning the device after each use takes as much time as grinding the beans yourself.
Product includes permanent filter.3) Timer function is easy to use.4) Grinder is not quiet, but not too loud either.
It's just right.5) Grinding function has 7 levels of grounds, choose the fineness you want.6) Coffee brews very quickly.
The other brands -- Krups, Capresso and Cuisinart -- get dismal reviews.
You know they are bad when they start appearing at your local supermarket at cut-rate prices (that's where I've seen the Krups!)This product works.Enjoy!.
We've had the Melitta for about 6 months.
Prior to this we had a grinder and a standard machine, and never got around to pulling out the grinder much.
The machine is easy to clean and takes up little space.
Sure, it's harder to clean than paper filters, but that's to be expected.
It's by no means difficult--just rinse under running water.
There is a round black lid that fits directly on top of the filter which holds the beans.
Not the one attached to the coffee maker; the removable one that has a hole in the top for the water to run through.
We cut the center of a standard coffee filter out and put it on top of that lid.
All the convenience of a regular coffee maker with the taste and flexibility of using whole beans.
this is the best coffee maker that I have ever used.
It grinds the beans perfectly, makes great coffee and is very easy to clean.
Believe me, I have used them all and this is the one I am staying with.
I use Breadman in testing bread recipes that go into cookbooks and have a test kitchen lined up with all models.
Only once about 6 years ago did one breakdown and Salton replaced it quickly (it was within warranty).
We've used many different brands and Breadman takes all honors.
I've owned my Breadman Ultimate for 6 years now.
It's my 3rd bread machine and by far the best.
I recently thought I had burned out the motor after the machine overheated trying to knead a very heavy whole grain sourdough.
However, after not working for 2 days, my machine is making perfect bread once again.
I have no complaints at all about the machine.
The reasons are probably petty sounding, but here goes:It holds too much moisture; therefore it's not well vented.
The glass window, which is way too small, fogs up, so you really can't keep an eye on the bread during parts of the process.
This is a design flaw, and there's no excuse for it.If you deviate in the least from the recipes supplied, you'll get an inedible loaf.
(I have a suggestion for that...see below the carping complaints).The machine is tall.
My last machine had indented grips for that purpose.
I store the machine in a cupboard, so I must move it each time it's used.
You really must not open it during a large part of operation or the bread will possibly fall.
All bread machines are NOT like that.It's a pain in the butt to clean, and I consider the removable door to be very flimsy.
Another design flaw that didn't have to be.
You must remove the door to clean the machine really properly.Oh, enough.It has some good points.
It makes several sizes of loaf, good for single people or families.It doesn't hog great gobs of electricity.It's not ugly.
That matters if your kitchen is large enough to have all your toys out for the sake of convenience.
The outer part is simple to wipe down.It doesn't weigh a ton if you need to move it.It's relatively cheap.
If you deviate from the exact recipe, for example, substituting honey/molasses for sugar, MAKE SURE you get the liquid/dry ingredient ratio right.
Use I tablespoon of liquid sweetening agent...REDUCE water/milk by one tablespoon.
The secret of most baking is following the directions very precisely.
OH, for the novice...PLEASE believe that the weather, in terms of humidity, or extreme heat/cold will affect the bread baking process.
It's easier to wait for a dry day, than to try to "adjust" the dough for the weather.And that's that!.
At the discount price we bought our machine at (around one hundred bucks), this is the best bread maker value on the market.
If you use it to make dough for pizza, rolls, cinnamon buns, etc.
This is the second bread machine that I have ever owned, the first being a '92 model that is long since discontinued.
I make 1 - 2 loaves of wheat bread every week from scratch and occasionally I use the pizza dough cycle.
My family rarely tolerates anything more exotic than that!  I have also tested this machine with boxed mixes.
So far, this bread machine has been an excellent producer of consistent, high-quality bread.
However, this is not the major problem that some have made it out to be.
I would advise anybody with noise sensitivity to place this breadmaker in a room with a closed door during operation.-Andrea, aka Merribelle.
I have used an Oster 5838 machine from 1996 until the shaft in the pan broke last month.
A replacement pan was $22 from Sunbeam, so I figured I would upgrade to a new breadmaker instead.
I have had the Breadman TR2200C for about 4 weeks now and I think I like this breadmaker.
The paddle is more "aggressive" in its shape, and also spins alternately in both directions.
I think this mixes and kneads the dough more thoroughly than the Oster did.
My breads have come out softer and with a better texture.2.
The cycles on the Breadman seem to be more specific (and are also manually adjustable).
For example, I can choose a 1 lb., 1.5 lb.
size for any cycle, and it adjusts the times accordingly.
The Oster only had a crust setting that you could adjust for each cycle.3.
This is probably a good thing with regard to kneading thoroughly.
But if you make larger loaves, sometimes any loose flour will kick up out of the pan until it's mixed in.
Also, the faster speed causes the machine to buzz and rattle, and sometimes move across the counter.
I wish I could adjust the paddle speed.2) As some have said before, I think the motor in this machine is underpowered.
It does struggle (slow down) sometimes with larger or heavy dough.
It has not completely stopped, but I worry that the motor might burn out sooner than later.
The Oster motor never stalled or slowed down.A couple tips:1) Make sure you watch the dough during the kneading cycle.
I would first do the recipes from scratch that came with the machine, using the ingredients and settings they recommend.
Don't use water too hot or you'll kill the yeast.
But starting out with warm water makes a BIG difference in how the dough rises.
I owned and liked a more basic Breadman machine.
But I'd been wanting a better model, and my husband got me this one for my birthday.
I like the fact that it makes a more *traditional* horizontal loaf.
This is the second bread machine that I've used.
This makes 2lb loafs which are the smallest I'd want to make.The controls are clear and intuitively placed.
There's control for the crust type, loaf size and type of bread.
If you have bread making experience that would be helpful.
I've also noticed some inconsistancy from loaf to loaf.
I've made a lot of very dense small loafs that tasted great but where pretty small and heavy.
It gave a great overview on machine bread making with photos and explanations as to the how and why's of ingredience and dough consistancy.
What happens if your bread does or does not do certain things and how to adjust the recipie.
But it does make great bread.One feature I find particularly useful is that it controls the temperature in the chamber when it's kneading and rising.
This has been a staple appliance in our kitchen for the last 2 years.
It has performed flawlessly and turns out some delicious breads.
It is somewhat unobtrusive as it sits in the corner on the counter and does not draw attention to itself.
Have had my Breadman TR2200C for over two weeks now and have baked in it almost daily, sometimes more than once.
Have owned a bread machine before which I used only to mix the dough as the baking results and shape were not desirable.
Also, have been an old fashioned breadmaker for over 30 years.
Time for a real change now!The Breadman does a wonderful job and is soooo easy to use.
Have made wheat, white, French bread recipes and all come out beautifully IF you use the correct yeast with the correct cycle.
No dough hook hole in the final product this way.
Baking results have always been good and as expected.
The add ingredients feature has worked perfectly for me.
What more can I add?  Get one for yourself, your kids, your friends.
First of all, this is a 'tried and true' machine.
The reason I can say that is that it came packed with a VCR tape of what I assume to be instructions and baking tips.
I'm sure a more contemporary model would have included a DVD.The machine is remarkably forgiving.
I wanted to make the Cinnamon Raisin Bread so I carefully mixed the ingrediants added them to the loaf pan and started setting the machine.
I also took the paddle out before the bread was punched down.
This is especially a problem at the end of the baking cycle when the pan is super hot.
The reader may wish to invest in a pair of silicone oven mitts.
Mine were too thick and padded to work at releasing the pan.
Cleanup was a breeze and took about 2 minutes.One reviewer mentioned removing the paddle and shaping the loaf prior to the third (final) rise.
This leads to another suggestion that would improve this model, namely a signal that the final 'knead' was complete.
That way, the baker would not have to stand over the machine like a mother hen waiting for her brood to hatch.11/4/05 Update:  Another 'hint'.
I loosely cover the top with a dish towel that has been moistened with warm water.
This allows the bread to rise a bit more than simply relying on the machine.
Tonight, I baked 'Carraway Seed Rye', and this normally heavy bread came out with a lighter consistency than one would expect.
Don't waste time downloading and printing the manual unless you are bored or have plenty of paper to waste.
I have a Breadman Ultimate that my hubby bought for me about 4 years ago and it's still going strong.
We eat a lot of bread and I use the machine about 3 times a week, maybe more.
It's really a great machine and we've gotten our money's worth out of our first one.
The metal is very light weight, and if immersed into cold water while hot, will torque out of shape.
That's why you see other's who's pans have warped.Anyway, I followed the directions and my first 2 pound loaf of white bread just finished.
It really turned out better than I expected.
I did keep an eye out for any flour build up in the corners, but it wasnt a problem.
The paddle stayed inside the pan after it was done baking, leaving only a small hole.
The pan and bread are both cooling off on a rack.
At NO TIME did my bread pad jump off the "clips", and it isnt as noisy as my old breadmaker was.
Also, the machine did stayed put....no dancing around the counter top.The bread is about the same height as "store bought" white bread.
I looks a tiny, tiny bit smaller in size than I thought it would, and it might not have risen fully.
That could be my fault, as I "peeked" a few times during each cycle, to be sure all was going well.
You can buy replacement paddles and pans, but that's all.
If this fails after 5 years, it only cost me just shy of $64.00.
If that's the case, then they should have made it to bake a  1 1/2, 2 and 2 1/2 pound loaf.
MAKE SURE THE FLUIDS ARE RIGHT AROUND 80 DEGREES...DONT "GUESS"...BUY A THERMOMETER.
I PRE WARM MY BAKING PAN ( RUN THE OUTSIDE UNDER HOT WATER FOR A COUPLE SECONDS)THEN ADD MY WARMED FLUIDS.
TOO COOL, THE YEAST WONT ACTIVATE.....TOO HOT, YOU'LL KILL THE YEAST.3.
DONT BAKE BREAD IF THE BAROMETRIC PRESSURE LOW, FALLING OR IT'S RAINING OUTSIDE.
THAT WILL EFFECT THE RISING PROCESS AND GIVE YOU STUNTED BREAD.
THE HIGHER THE PRESSURE, THE BETTER THE RISE AND "LIGHTER" DENSITY YOUR BREAD WILL BE.4.
IF YOU USE "QUICK RISE" YEAST, USE THE "QUICK RISE" CYCLE.5.
PUT A LITTLE COOKING OIL AROUND THE PEG,THEN SLIP ON THE MIXING PADDLE BEFORE YOU ADD YOUR FLOUR.
IT WILL SLIP OUT FOR CLEANING MUCH BETTER AFTER BAKING.........OR.........6.
I thought the power company would get us back online quickly, but it was not to be.
So, I every so often, I would punch it down, let it rise and repeat...for a total of 9 hours.
Finally at Midnight, the power came back and the bread had risen enough to bake.
I just hit the "bake" cycle,and adjusted the time down from 40 minutes to 38.
The crust was crunchy and the inside was so soft and well textured.
I was happy that this bread machine was easy to operate and had the bake only cycle.
That saved my bread dough from being thrown out.
I've had my Breadman Ultimate for at least 4 years.
I unplugged it and saved the dough, but now I have to think about replacing it.
I've read endless reviews for Breadman, Zojirushi, Panasonic, etc., but I think I'll get another Breadman.
I've only been disappointed with the results about four times--bread rose too high, bread collapsed once--both problems undoubtedly caused by early inexperience.
The Breadman overall does a very satisfactory job with all types of breads.
I often start a loaf in the machine and finish it in the oven because I like crusty crusts.
But I'm also very pleased with the breads I've baked in the Breadman.
Tom Lacalamita's, "The Ultimate Bread Machine Cookbook," is a great resource, by the way.
For the price, I doubt the Breadman can be beat.
The downsides for me are it's inability to knead heavier, wholegrain doughs, and the chute for adding extras (nuts, etc) is hard to clean.
Bread making is an art developed over time--even in a machine.
I was recently diagnosed with Celiac and can no longer partake in the lovely pleasure of eating breads made out of wheat flour.
Rest assured that this will be money well spent for a quality product with consistent results.
It's also superbly easy to clean!The Breadman machine is a must-have for anyone with a Celiac in the house!.
I can tell you that this idiot-proof machine goes from zero to staff-of-life in 3 hours 32 minutes.
Basically, it's like this: You dump in the liquid ingredients.
You make a little hole in the flour pile, for the yeast, and then you dump the yeast in there.
Just for laughs I dumped a bran-muffin ready-mix package into the 'honey banana bread' recipe - the result was better than the normal recipe.
You can dump in a lot of things - fruits, nuts, weird flours, molasses, rye, caraway and poppy seeds, oats - it all works.
I am a first-time bread machine owner and was actually astonished that the Breadman does everything that was promised with minimal tweaking.
If not, simply add a little water (up to a tablespoon at first), and help the unabsorbed flour etc.
into place with GENTLE nudges from a plastic spatula.
The machine then does the rest and does it magmificiently.
You are now free to go watch television, clean the house, play with computer, nag the spouse, or nap.
On the brighter side, I did not find the machine noisy or loud, certainly not as intrusive as the average dishwasher.
It's great and I cannot sing its praises too loudly!And, oh yes, the bread is scrumptious!.
I was not a big lover of bread until I bought this machine to make bread for my husband a few months ago.
I have made white, wheat, banana, cinamon raisin, maple sweet potato, dill, garlic, potato, and fantastic pizza dough just to name a few.
EVERY loaf has come out perfect even though I am not the most precise person when it comes to measuring.
I made ginger bread with the delay feature and WOW how nice the house smelled when we woke up.
I have not bought a loaf of bread since I bought the machine.
I have had no problems with the machine.
I bought this bread maker from Amazon a couple of weeks ago and I am really pleased.
I had my old breadmaker for years but it started to squeak so I decided to buy a new one.
It bakes in 3 and a half hours.
I suppose I could do a one and a half pound loaf, but I do like this nice big loaf.
We thought buying the bread at a grocery store is the easiest thing to do, until we made bread in this machine.
The instructions are very easy to follow and so are the recipes.
I tried whole wheat, French, fruit & nut, milk, Italian herb and yogurt breads so far and we loved them all.
More importantly our 1 year old son loves them all.
Need to yet experiment with the recipes, but we are happy with the basic recipes in the booklet.
Fruit & Nut bread is our favorite so far.
The dispenser is an added bonus.The price was unbeatable with the free shipping.
The only problem was that the cassette was already broken when we received it.
I haven't bought bread in years, and thought that my $50 Welbilt was the be-all-and-end-all.
But I wanted more, like programmability and a removable dough hook.
I was not expecting the difference that this machine delivers.First, it's well-built, unlike the mostly-plastic Welbilt.
Mine was a 75% off demo that someone had stolen the dough hook from.
When I finally cranked it up, I was rather stunned at the difference.
We even dared to set it up overnight.
So we had a lovely breakfast, but what got my attention was the perfect, fine-grained texture that had been missing before.
The instruction book comes with a helpful table that explains the various timings of all the programs.Overall, just very happy.
Here's how to do it even though you're setting it up overnight:Add all the ingredients except the yeast.
Let it mix for about ten minutes, then check the texture.
Cut a 1" circle of wax paper and poke it down into the top of the dough to form a container for the yeast.
Spoon the yeast into the wax paper, and go to bed.
I was given this bread machine and it was used but well cared for but the instruction manual had been misplaced.
This machine does the work and does it at the right time.
Real cooks, which I am not, tried my bread and all said it was better than they could make themselves.
If I can make homemade bread with this, trust me, any one can-it is that easy.
I recently purchased the Breadman Ultimate  after my old machine died after only 2 years of use.
Every loaf I've made so far has been outstanding.
Each time I use it, I fear I'll be disappointed (finally), but I never am.
Alas, I couldn't see paying $150 more for just that feature.
The best thing about the Breadman Ultimate? The price.
A mere $99 for such a wonderful machine (my old machine was $130 two years ago).
We bought this just over a year ago and will be buying another one for a family member as a gift.
Our machine is used at least twice a week with no trouble ever.
It's easy to clean and the paddle is still in great shape.
We make all of our own dough now.
If you do it before the bread rises and cookes it's MUCH easier to get out.
It also leaves a smaller hole in the finished bread.
I have had my Breadman for almost two years and have never had a problem with it.
Whole grain breads, fruit and vegetable breads, using the dough cycle-all completely reliable.
It's so enjoyable to have fresh wholesome bread at my convenience.
I just put all the pieces on a towel to air dry on the kitchen counter because I use it several times a day.
It's surprising that previous reviewers find this machine hard to clean.
The trick is to get a good quality vegetable brush.
Use it to clean your vegetables before juicing, and to clean the mesh basket after.
I just use water for daily cleanings and soap and water once a week.
Less than 2 minutes time for daily cleanup, not too bad if you ask me :).
This juicer is a very high quality juicer at an extremely low price.
It takes a mere minute or two to clean this sucker, when I've spent 5 minutes cleaning other juicers.
The Juiceman II also juices basically any vegetable you throw at it, unlike other juicers.
I've had no problem juicing the toughest of greens like kale, and even wheatgrass, which some say you need to buy a seperate juicer for.
Hogwash!  The Juiceman II does it just fine.I'm on my second model, because the first one died after about 2 or 3 years of use.
The reason it died was I tried to juice a frozen banana, which is not recommended.
Anyway, great model, and I'm glad I own one.
It's not so hot with softer fruits like nectarines or peaches, and I've yet to try tomatoes or pineapples.
It juiced grapes easily, though, handling the stems with no problem.
It requires a firm hand on top to keep it from rattling.
And the feed tube is a little small - a large apple has to be cut up into 8 pieces, not 4, to fit in.
You'll be wanting a sink that has a sprayer attachment; if you have that, cleanup takes about 60 seconds.
I do recommend lining the pulp box with a plastic bag for easy disposal.
Even if you do elevate the bag around the edges of the spout, you'll find that bits of pulp do manage to escape.
The pulp itself is dry and sort of sawdust-y, and would probably make good compost.One word of advice - start slow on the juices.
This juicer is able to juice a variety of fruits and vegetables.
Juicing is relatively quick and easy and yields delicious results.
The device is sturdy, but light enough to be moved around.
It has a simple design that performs very well, reminiscent of a good food processor.
There is a nice small recipe book that suggests interesting juice combinations.
It is a good value for this type of device.
A surprise is that it takes more veggies or fruits to create a certain amount of juice.
However, it makes sense when I think about it, and now I can see why the store varieties are so expensive.
I like the full one year warranty as well thought I haven't had to use it yet.
I love the iced tea and iced coffee that I can make with this machine.
I would have preferred if it made cold brewed iced coffee; it does not,it's a hot brew machine.
It takes up the least amount of space and the design is excellent.
I use one large tea bag, brew the tea, and then fill up the rest of the container with water instead of ice.
I put it in the refrigerator and when it gets cold, I have the perfect glass of iced tea.
If you are an iced tea addict too, then look no further.It does indeed require a fair amount of ice-- but let's think about why.
OR, you can use ice.This machine proportions it all PERFECTLY.
''Weak tea'' only happens when you don't use enough teabags.
I get the best results with 5 or 6 regular teabags.
(Ridges in basked, as mentioned before.) But you don't have to do that too often.BTW, a surprisingly great tea is the decaf &quot;Ambience&quot; blend from.
Smart & Final! This makes a PERFECT iced tea.
Like several other reviewers noted on the Mr.
Coffee Iced Tea Maker, the pitcher cracked after a couple years use.
Since the replacement pitcher was the same price as this, I decided to try it.
It is small, but perfect for 1-2 people.
It was not noisy and made perfect tea in about 10 minutes, maybe less time.
The only drawback is it does not permit strenght adjustment, so I only gave it four stars.
I had a smaller version of this for 5 years, used almost daily for veggie burgers and other meatless items.
I am moving into a larger place and decided to upgrade my grill.
This is great, just like the one before!.
Even grizzled old mountain men like me get tired of a steady diet of  squirrel stew.
Meanwhile, it shows no signs of wearing  out, and seems to be as handy as the day we ordered it.
Gee,  ain't technology great! It is a great product and I highly recommend it,  even for history buffs like me!.
I would have given it five stars if it had an on/off switch.
I do not like devices that are turned on and off via the plug.
Other than that one issue, this grill is perfect for toasted sandwiches of all kinds.
I do not eat slaughtered animals, so I can only comment on non-meat sandwiches.
great job and well worth the small amount of $$.
Keep in mind that it is small so it can only do one decent sized sandwich at a time.
It also does not have a timer for auto shut-off when the grilling is done.
but once I grilled salmon steaks on it, along with some veggies, I was happily surprised.
This will stay on my counter and I know it will be used often.
For quick, easy &quot;grilling,&quot; the George Foreman grill does the job.
No, it's not like grilling over charcoal or even a gas grill - but it does cook meat and fish evenly and quickly.
Do it right away - don't let it sit too long or it will be much  harder to clean up.
The George Foreman grill is one of those items you see it yard sales per $10-$15 used maybe once.
It's one of those items that people think is a hoax-a hack, but amazingly it's one of those items that works.
The fact that you can get a brand new one for $15 is amazing.
It's amazing, done in less than seven minutes, or try a frozen chicken breast from frozen to juicy and done in less than 10 minutes.
Perfect for bachelors or moms with bachelors in training or moms married to bachelors.
You get the point.So give it a shot perfect in what it does.
For the money I paid for it, it's pretty good.
I do like it and it's easy to clean, but for my family of 3, it's too small.
It's a perfect size for 1 or 2 people.
I tried grilling zucchini and could only fit 4 slices (lengthwise) at a time.
I bought four of these grills -- three for gifts and one for me.
We all like the GF grill very much and for different reasons.
My husband likes our grill because he can make a grilled cheese sandwich in two minutes and with no mess.
Prior to purchasing this grill, he could not make a grilled cheese sandwich.
This procedure took about 10 minutes and the added butter made the bread greasy.
We simply wipe it out with a paper towel.
I place the GF grill on the stove top so the fumes are sucked up the exhaust fan.
It takes about 6-7 minutes because both sides cook simultaneously.
My daughter loves the grill because it's easy enough for the kids to use and it only takes five minutes to grill a hamburger.
This is a nifty little grill and I am pleased to say it lives up to the advertisement I saw.
But it can also be used for sausage links, bacon, vegetables and grilled cheese sandwiches.Some people have mentioned they have real problems cleaning it up.
Whilst yes it could be better but you literally just scrape off any excess and wipe it down.
I've had my little grill for years now and it still works great.
I cook just for 1 so this size is big enough for me.
I've grilled meat, vegetables, and sandwiches in mine.
I definitely plan on upgrading eventually to a bigger grill with removable/interchangeable plates.
I have had no trouble with the temperature or how the meat comes out.
I have used it successfully and had juicy, properly cooked meats with the extra fat drained off.
Do not immerse, but you can do this sinkside because of the angled grill.
The size of this unit is just right for one person.I am eating more quality meats because of this grill--an improvement in my diet.
My cat gets the drippings dish, so she likes this grill, too!.
I received the champ grill as a Christmas gift over the holidays,and I have yet to go a week without using it.
This is just the right size for me since I live in a small apartment and by myself.
I love to grill hamburgers on the champ grill and watch the fat slowly drain away.
I also like to grill chicken breast on the grill.
I've grilled fish on the grill but the one problem with grilling fish is that trying to get rid of the fishy smell.
Eventually it goes away but after you clean the grill, you can still smell the remnants of dinner.
Just run a warm, soapy sponge over the grill and voila! The bits of food caked on the grill is removed.
I am overall pleased with the George Foreman grill.
To be honest I was sold on this product at 2am via George himself on the  television.
We have done hamburgers (5 stars), chicken sausages (4 stars),  many vegetables (4 stars) with very good success.
I am a cooking snob and  other than a rice cooker I tend to avoid gadgets in the kitchen and stick  to hand tools.
What this does for me is give a VERY LOW MESS way to cook  hamburgers during the winter (8 mos of 12 here in Chicago).
The George Foreman GR10AWHT Champ Grill is an outstanding unit per my daughter.
She uses it primarily when she is not going to be cooking outdoors.
Everything cooks up fast and stays moist and warm! She says it cooks to her liking consistently.
It is also easy to maintain and clean just like our other unit.
This little Foreman grill is perfect for 1 or 2 people.
Cleanup is so fast...I just pour some water on it while still hot, and the steam loosens everything up.
I just wipe it all off with a paper towel.My one complaint is that it doesn't have an on/off switch.
I hate seeing that little spark when I plug this into the wall to turn it on.
So, despite the excellent price and performance, I only gave it four stars.
So far I've only been using it for hamburgers, but it's worth it just for that.
I just put the meat on, and listen.
I can tell by the sound when it's done, no need to cut it open and look or even time it.
Cleans up with a paper towel or two.
My one complaint is it will only do one at a time, but if you want bigger ones, they are certainly available.
I purcahsed this item from a retail store many years back and it quickly became one of my favorite kitchen appliances.
My household has this GF Grill as well as a second larger one.
this is the best buy I have ever purchased for my kitchen.
Plug it in, let it heat, plop on the food, close the cover, wait a few minutes, and voila.
you got some GOOD EATS!!  I use mine at least four times a week.
Unplug it, let it cool down, wipe it down with a damp sponge, and follow up with a damp paper towel.
Toss the drip tray in the dishwasher and you're ready to go.
You'll get more mileage out of the Foreman grill than you'll get from any other small appliance in your kitchen.
Love this thing and we use it a few times a week.
Besides burgers, it grills onions, peppers and other vegis.
I got a recommendation to get this little grill from a guy who is a personal trainer and an absolute maniac about eating right.
This little thing is absolutely amazing.It is really rather like a waffle iron.
Our particular brand of veggie burger is very tasty but needs to be carefully cooked for 8 minutes, usually, on the stove.
If it cooks even a little too long, it gets rubbery and dry.
I chose 4 minutes, figuring that the top and bottom simultaneous grilling would cut the time in half.
The amount of grease that poured off made my eyebrows shoot to the ceiling.What made my purchase decision difficult was the number of models offered.
There is a cute version with a bun warmer, and several models with larger grills.
While I like the idea of a bun warmer, it's not essential, though would have been nice for the pita.
We usually grill only one or two things for a quick meal, so I opted for the basic model and I am pretty happy.
It takes up little space on the counter.
I really was surprised how nicely this grill does work.
No one wants to be blamed for poisoning the family with undercooked pork.
If you elect to use a broiler, a moment's inattention can turn beautifully browned sausage into charred twigs of pork in just a few seconds.
Lay your defrosted breakfast sausage links on the grid parallel to the ribs, close the lid and set the timer for another 5 minutes.There.
While the sausage cooks, you're free to mix the waffle batter or put on another pot of coffee.
The sausage comes out perfectly browned above and below, and thoroughly cooked all the way through while remaining juicy.
The Champ grill works just as well with rock-hard frozen links straight from the freezer.
it is very difficult to cook more than one burger at a time.
A 6" by 7" cooking surface is just too small for two burgers.
You might want to put a folded paper towel under the drip tray.The 'Champ' performs particularly well in grilling cheese, tomato and ham sandwiches.
The grill doesn't wear out...we just upgraded to a larger version.
This purchase was a gift for someone special who also wants to change their eating habits.
Just remember to always use non-stick spray before heating and wipe it with paper towels immediately after using.
I got my first George Foreman grill when I was in college and living in a dorm.
I highly recommend this grill - it's worth every cent!.
I received my grill as a gift almost a  year ago, and have used it almost every day since.
I wish it had an on/off switch rather than just the plug, but that's the only downside I have found.
It's very fast, easy to clean up, and the meats, seafood, and poultry taste great.
Much cheaper to run than the broiler in the stove, and quicker and better than the broiler in my toaster oven.
This grill is great for hamburgers, chicken, hot dogs, etc.
It cooks fairly quickly and the fat that drains out is really gross.
Just think about other cooking methods -  you'd be eating that [fat] normally.
I have also done veggies (onions, zuccini, summer squash) on the grill and they come out fabulous.
Just be sure to cut the veggies the same thickness or they won't cook evenly.
If you're cooking for more than 2 people, you'd probably want the larger version, but this is great for 1 or 2 people.
My wife and I received our George Foreman grill as a wedding gift almost seven years ago.
Fortunately, though, this little grill is still rocking and rolling along.
It's one of the most important appliances we use in the house.
If our family expands any time soon, we'll probably upgrade to a larger grill, but for now, this one's perfect.
It's also wonderful for singles and college students.A favorite thing of mine to grill on the George Foreman grill is chicken breasts.
It's simple, fast, and great to eat.Highly recommended!.
I use this smaller version when I am at college.
It is a great way to prepare home-cooked food quickly, easily and without a mess.
This is my second GF grill -- simply because we use it all the time and wore out other one out.
We only cook for 2 in our house, so this size is perfect.
I recommend one of the bigger grills if you have more mouths to feed.
I have no clue if this product existed before George Foreman put his name on it.
Whatever the case, the Foreman grill has become a staple in most kitchens around the world.
It cooks any meat within 5 minutes, perfectly every time.
I doubted that the George Foreman Grill would work.
Let's be honest, it's advertised on an infomercial.
But after the thirtieth time of seeing the informercial, I began to wonder.
I cooked two chicken breasts, and they were done in 4 minutes or so.
Tasted like I had BBQed them outside (of course, can't do that--live in an apartment).
What i love about this is that it cooks so quickly--faster and more tastier than a microwave (healthier too).
Clean up is simple, just wipe the grill surface.
But when time is a premium, the George  Foreman Grill is a Godsend!  It sears and grills meats like no other indoor  grill.
The angled cooking surface channels fat into the included drip tray  to minimize the fat in meats.
It  includes a tool to scrape any particles away.
The cooking surface is  non-stick, so even burnt foods come off easily.Not only does meat cook  in minutes without turning, the juices are locked inside.
You'll be  surprised how delicious your steaks and burgers taste.
No more dried out  food!My father-in-law loves his George Foreman grill!  His wife loves to  microwave everything.
So he's used to dry, chewy, unappealing steaks.
This is one of the few TV-advertised bits of cookware that actually lives up to its reputation.
I have a GF Grill and love it when I want to cook something quick.
Its compact, easy to use and easy to clean.
I bought it for grilled sandwiches - which I make very often (and I really hate the "hot pocket" kind of machine).
The good news is that it heats up evenly and really fast and you have a delicious sandwich in no time at all.
The bad news is, that the outer body also gets burning hot.
If you are buying this product, take the user manual seriously and wear oven mitts while handling the machine.
As a relatively lazy bachelor and a mediocre cook, the Foreman is the best way to cook food.
Salmon steaks and regular steaks take less than 10 minutes and taste fantastic.
The only thing I can say that's bad about the Foreman is when you cook, you see all the grease drip off into the pan.
It makes you feel disgusted that if you were to cook this conventionally, you'd be eating that grease.
I am amazed at how quickly this cooks.
I prepared chicken breasts (including trimming, marinating, and cooking) in less than 15 minutes.
This is a wonderful tool for the lazy, hungry single chef.Notes: 1.) This model is very, very tiny.
While the grooved top and bottom plate give food those nice &quot;grill lines,&quot; they are a tad difficult to maneuver around and clean effectively.
I would suggest purchasing a handled sink scrubbing brush to assist you with the task.4.) It heats up in an instant -- literally.
I use it for grilling hot dogs and sausages.
That's why I wouldn't purchase the family grill, I don't like the idea of not being able to wash it under the sink.
If it were removable maybe?If you are single and don't cook much.
But if cooking is your thing, invest in a nice stove top grill.
The George Foreman Grill is as it was delivered.
But as hard as I looked,  I didn't see the comments by the seller.
But there was no grease catacher or grill scraper.
Here's a typical dinner: I cut up some red onion and bell peppers and place them on the pre-heated grill.
They take maybe two minutes per side to grill, becoming sweet and caramelized.
Meanwhile, I marinate a flank steak in fresh lime juice and garlic.
When the veggies are done, I grill the flank steak, maybe three minutes per side.
(I turn everything over midway because I find otherwise the food doesn't get the grill marks evenly on both sides.)Meanwhile, I warm up some tortillas.
Finally, I slice the flank steak, and serve veggies, meat, and tortillas with cheese and salsa for do-it-yourself fajitas.
Takes seconds to clean.After over a year, the finish is still as good as new.
Enjoy a hot, tasty meal and save cash while you're at it!.
If you need to cook more, get a bigger grill.
I've even grilled two slices of Pepperidge Farm french toast and warmed vegtables wrapped in foil!!  It cooks thoroughly and quickly.
Just place a cello sponge between the grilling plates so the non-stick surface isn't damaged.Speaking of non-stick...it's fantastic.
The little indicator light stopped working after about 3 months, but that hasn't affected the grill's performance.
Let frozen foods thaw thoroughly or they will be overcooked before the inside is cooked.
The hash browns take about 10 minutes to get crispy.
We bought this grill in 2002 and it is still working.
I think we do ourselves a favor by caring to not use anything that will scratch the grill.
The temperature control on it is perfect, and it grill so fast because it cooks the top and bottom at the same time.
Bought small ones for both the kids when they moved out and they love them and use them regularly.
The grill is like for one maybe 2 people but the non stick coating is good and the price was right.
Removable plates would have been nice but you won't get that at this price point.
I've had a several variations on the small George Foreman Champ grills.
This model was the first.I have literally worn a number of GF grills out.
And they last well when cared for! I use my GF a LOT.
They are great when making a meal in the summer.
It doesn't noticeably heat the room like the broiler in my oven and I think it uses much less power all year round.
Behind the steak is a steamy spot on the grill and those veggies cook to perfection with the steak.
With fish I like to use a very light coating of Mayo.
This seems to help make pink and white fish even more detectibly moist and tasty.
With steak and meats the grill works great with rubs and spices.
I really like the Paul Prudome "magic" line of spices.
In my experience steak cold out of the fridge of the same size/thickness is done to medium in about 5 to 6 minutes.
The timing is just about second nature now.The non-stick surface isn't perfect.
Fish has a greater tendency to stick than anything else.Cleanup is oh so easy.
While one must not put their little GF in the dishwasher or immerse it it's still pretty easy to clean.
I do wish the plates were removable!Cleanup for me starts just after the food comes off.
I give it a quick hot wipe with a paper towel to get the bulk off.
I thoroughly wash the plates and clean the catch tray.
Then I use the clean catch tray to rinse the plates of soap, then drain it and both air dry.
Water all flows into the sink and it's really clean.
It all takes a minute or two.This is a great tool.
Just a little reminder: while all the GF Champ grills have been very self-consistent there can be small variations between units.
For years, I have seen television infomercials and the like rave about the George Foreman Grill.
What do I cook on it being a vegetarian?Veggie burgers come out very nicely.
Boca Burgers, Gardenburgers, and other brands taste great, when cooked on the grill, and it is very fast.
Frozen veggie burger is done in 5-7 minutes.
Yes, the grill is small, but it is not tiny.
You can fit two small boca burgers on it.Other items I have cooked on it includes soy chicken-style filets and frozen french fries.
One thing that amazes me is how quickly it cooks a simple grilled cheese sandwich.
About 100 seconds, and the grilled cheese sandwich is browned, cheese completely melted, and tastes great.
The appearance of the food cooked on the grill is something I like too.
Sandwiches and veggie burgers come out with beautiful grill marks and a fantastic texture.The design of the grill seems impressive.
It heats up quite quickly, in less than five minutes, and it is simple to use.
Plug in the grill, and unplug the grill, when you are finished cooking.
There are not any knobs or switches to accidently set incorrectly.
Of course, the grill is cooking your food very quickly, so be cautious because it does get very hot.
For my veggie stuff, hardly any residue is left behind on the grill.
However, even if you don't eat meat, you'll find plenty of goodies to cook quickly and easily.
I'd highly recommend it, especially for the price.
It is a wonderful grill for 1 or 2 people, if you don't have a fancy cooktop or range that comes with a grill.
I used it to make salmon teriyaki and the salmon came out real tender on the inside, with a nice grilled flavor.
Cleaning is not too bad either as the nonstick surface seems to be permanently in tact.
The only thing I wondered about this grill is why the drip pan was a flimsy white plastic and not aluminum or stainless steel.
Although oil cools fast, I found myself worrying that the plastic would melt as soon as the oil dripped onto it.
But of course it didn't and the drip pan cleaned well, so I can't give minus points for this one...!.
Low-carb dieters will love this little grill!  I've cooked sausage links, burgers, and various grades of beef and pork, all with wonderful results.
The meats come out relatively juicy, and minus a good deal of fat.
Additionally, you can have you dinner in less than 10 minutes.Their are two difficulties.
Uneven cuts of meat or fish are very difficult to cook.
The best bet is to cut piece into sections that are of equal thickness.
Along the same line, cuts that are over 1 1/2 to 2 inches do not cook all the way through.
Additionally, clean up, though not too difficult, can be messy.
Give thought to a larger one, however--especially for families.
the george foreman lean mean fat reducing grilling machine is what all single men need in their lives.
it heats up quickly and cooks BOTH sides of your food evenly.
ive been cooking chicken breasts lately and what little fat is on them rolls down right into the drip tray.
this product is the bomb and will help the single male species include more nutrition in their diet and a healthier alternative to pizza delivery.
im a BIG fan of the infomercial too.
george is so engaging, entertaining, and witty! come on george, come on america, lets KNOCK OUT THE FAT!.
I have had this grill for about 6 years now, and it is still fun to use.
Beats frying of broiling beef or chicken, and keeps me inside in winter instead of starting the grill.
I suggest you use this under an exhaust fan by the stove, it can put out some smoke.
Easy to do Salmon steaks up on as well.
I also have done sausages and hot dogs for a change as well.
More handy than I ever thought it would be.
Even grizzled old mountain men like me get tired of a steady diet of  squirrel stew.
It is  easy to use, quick to clean up, and healthy because of all the grease it  whisks away from the food itself.
Gee, ain't technology great! It  is a great product and I highly recommend it, even for history buffs like  me!.
The ENTIRE burger is cooked exactly the same.
The first time I used this Foreman grill I overcooked them by.
There IS something I definitely need to mention however.
Always make sure you keep an eye on your burgers.
Don't leave the room for several minutes to watch TV, surf the internet or talk on the phone.
STAY in the kitchen and continue to open and close the lid every single minute until your burger is done.
I do believe these grills suck up a LOT of electricity, which is why I've occasionally had my breaker box shut down while cooking.
When the burgers are done, well I recommend waiting another 5 or 10 minutes until you clean the grill off.
I admit the grill DOES produce a lot of grease and cleaning is an absolute requirement every time you use it.
The only downside to an otherwise brilliant grill.
how long does it take until this grill loses its power or just stops working completely?.
Everyone that I knew who bought one of these things loved it.
Not only did they love it, they couldn't stop talking about it.
All that I can say is that they were correct.
It's very easy to use and flavor isn't sacrificed.
This one is perfect for a couple or a single.
There is a larger size available if you're cooking for more people.
I'll admit it -- I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to kitchenware.
I love to cook, I entertain frequently, and I collect cookbooks.
I'd heard about the George Foreman Grill, and generally figured it wasn't for me.
I have  to say -- I was VERY pleasantly surprised.As others have said, it's  virtually fool-proof.
There's no &quot;on-off&quot; switch -- you plug it  in, wait for it to heat up, and start cooking.
It has a short cord to prevent accidents, so if you don't have  an outlet handy, it could be awkward.
You pretty much have to figure  things out for yourself.That said, it does a fine job on steak, salmon,  chicken breast, and pork chops.
I haven't tried it on veggies or sausages  yet, but I anticipate no problems.
The food turns out nicely seared (in a  grill-stripe pattern), and juicy inside.My biggest complaint is  clean-up.
You cannot immerse the grill in water, so you have to do the  best you can with paper towels and damp sponges.
I  anticipate using it far more than I expected I would.
I've only had it a  week, and I've already used it 4 times.
I first saw this grill on an online review show, where they looked at various infomercial products.
This one received some of the highest ratings.
However, don't assume that it really does reduce the fat much.
Yes, you will see drippings draining off, and some of that is fat.
But a lot of it is just water.
Doesn't really reduce the fat anymore than most cooking methods.
Other than that though, a very good product.
I love my George Foreman Grill - I bought this larger size after buying the smallest one that holds just 2 burgers.
Chicken breasts are the very best thing to cook; the chicken is tender and juicy and just takes a few minutes.
Sometimes it slides away and the fat drips onto the counter top.
Even grizzled old mountain men like me get tired of a steady diet of squirrel stew.
It is easy to use, quick to clean up, and healthy because of all the grease it whisks away from the food itself.
Gee, ain't technology great! It is a great product and I highly recommend it, even for history buffs like me!.
I know the commecials are compelling -- seems you can cook anything -- but  I would focus on this as a great off-season bbq grill.
Hamburgers, sausages  and other red meats do well.
Great for families and get togethers -- my brothers swear by the hamburgers  -- and it is also fun.
I don't think this will replace my stove or broiler  but it also won't be at a garage sale next year.
I'd also opt for the  larger unit (XXL) unless you are only cooking for one.
Does a great job of cooking indoors with out a mess.
The instructions and cooking suggestions could have been more, but without a doubt anyone that buys this product will be pleased.
Yes, the ad shows for burgers, chicken, etc.
for sandwiches, but I use this thing mostly for bacon.
Practically no mess and clean up means sacrificing about a half dozen paper towels.
If the splatter doesn't get you, the grease injestion will.
But for cooking burgers and then the buns indoor, this grill is top rate.
The smaller ones just aren't big enough for more than one person.
We had bought a small grill (with bun warmer) which worked very well.
However, I underestimated what size we needed and realized later that what we should have purchased was a much larger item.
I hated to spend more money for a larger version of what I already had, but truth to tell "size does matter".
There was no way to fit 4 nice sized burgers on the little grill, although 2-3 cooked great and tasted delicious.
Later on, I read reviews that mentioned this.
And the capacity is perfect - not too big, not too small.
I'm able to get 2 really huge steaks (can you hear my arteries clogging?) on with no problem.
Someone, either on this site or elsewhere advised how and I'll pass this on to you.
After you've removed the cooked food, unplug the grill and lay damp paper towels on the grill and close the lid.
Secondly, this doesn't have a timer or temperature adjustment.
Then I turn the food over and cook that side.
Then for a few minutes (depending upon how done we want the food) I close the lid and let both sides cook.
I don't find this to be a problem or bothersome at all and I'm happy with how things turn out.
For us to get our food medium or med.
well, I've found that closing the lid for the entire duration of cooking blackens or burns the outer part of the meat.
Because this is no longer availabe at Amazon I think perhaps it's not longer available anywhere.
But I would suggest that for grills that are not removable, the way I described to clean this one would work equally well on another.
I make a mean egg, tunafish,and macaroni salad, mixed with diced green peppers and some slices of onion, as well.
But to get it right you need great hard boiled eggs, which for aklutz like me is the single hardest part of the cooking process.
You can then place the cooked eggs in cool water to complete the process.
The cooker handles up to six eggs and also features a water measure with a piercing spike on the bottom, form-fitted with an egg depression.
This serves to keep the egg from cracking during the boiling process.
All in all, this is a handy, useful, and relatively simple device to use.
I love them hot and I love them cold.
They can be a great source of protein for non-vegan vegetarians.
The machine works on the principle that once the water surround the eggs is all boiled away, then the eggs will be done.
You adjust the time the machine cooks the eggs by adjusting the amount of water.
I've messed with trying different types of cooking, and came up with a fairly good soft-boiled egg.
I had to experiment a little to get it, though.
There are two little poaching pans included with the appliance, but I've never used them.
When the eggs are done, a buzzer will sound to tell you to come get them.
The other cookers I looked at were either carousel-round or square, taking up much more space.
This little jewel fits perfectly in an overhead cabinet, taking up no more room than a small plastic container.
Soft is medium-soft (white done, yolk liquid) medium is a medium hard yolk, and hard is the harboildegg for picnics and salads.
(Some European models have a soft setting that is a very liquid egg such as you'd use in Caesar salad dressing.
There is an alarm to alert you when it's done, and an on-off-warm switch.
All in all, a great device--well designed, compact and useful.
Soft boiled eggs come out perfect, and I'll note that hard boiled ones seem to peel so much more easily than pan-boiled.
After about a dozen uses, mine is still intact.
Maybe time will wear it down, or maybe they improved the surface.
I do lightly oil it after every use, as suggested in the instructions.
I bought this egg cooker to eat healthier.
it is just the right size, and makes the eggs perfectly.
I poach, and scramble eggs in it all the time.
If you want a nice little egg cooker, I really suggest  investing in this fine product.
I always start cooking eggs on the weekend and then forget about them.
15 minutes later, I start smelling the smoke from my burned-beyond-recognition eggs.
I've used it a few times already and I can't believe how perfectly my eggs turn out.
and it has a buzzer that I can't ignore! Great value.
neat little kitchen gadget that takes up very little space (even the cord wraps around a groove in the base).
Hot!  And those popular coffeemakers just don't cut it.
This is a percolator, meaning it brews coffee OR, simply use it as a drip coffee maker.
You don't have to worry about warm coffee here.
You can leave it plugged and it will maintain the heat for long time.
I replaced my Mr Coffee 4-cup coffee maker with a Farberware 4-cup percolator.
When my drip coffee maker bit the dust a month ago, I started sifting through the various styles, makes, sizes, etc.
and the customer reviews for a replacement.My kitchen is almost minuscule and I cook A LOT and counter space is at a real premium.
After years of drinking not very hot and not very strong drip coffee I thought I would try a perc.
I love it, get one!Update, after about 8 months the perc is still going strong.
Since I make 8 cups every day (leftovers go into an iced coffee pitcher) the unit tends to need cleaning often.
I've owned my Farberware Perc for over 25 years.
I have a second one I got an excellent deal on as a back-up.
There seemed to be a streak/batches of bad thermostats that just didn't last long.
The currant one has been in use for at least 5 years.
The clean pot makes the best tasting coffee.
It gets pretty sad tasting when the pot is dirty.I have to edit the cleaning part.
I just got "new and improved Oxyclean" and it's got a much larger scoop in it.
So I have to suggest using 2 teaspoons or a tablespoon of Oxyclean to a pot of water.
Still works just as well as I just cleaned my pot.
There is nothing like a percolator for delicious coffee.
I LOVE this model! Give it as gifts.
I set it up the night before so when I get up in the morning I can just plug it in.
Pretty soon the sound of 'perking' goes on and the aroma of old fashioned coffee fills the room.
I have gotten rid of my drips and filters...goodbye modern that is expensive and tastes mediocre.
BE SURE AND GRIND FRESH BEANS AT YOUR MARKET ON THE SETTING 'ELEC PERC'.
This pot is great if you like percolated coffee.
But, take the coffee chamber out immediately after it is finished brewing.
Rather than a warming coil, this pot re-percolates the coffee to keep it hot.
I gave up on drip coffee makers because I like really HOT coffee -- cannot be TOO hot!  This is perfect for using daily.
For this reason I make enought for two mugs and unplug it after is stops perking.
I paid $19.99 for mine at Macy's one day sale with a $10 coupon.
I noticed people on eBay paying up to $50 for this same unit.Enjoy!!!.
It is recommended to remove the basket after brewing, and that is no easy task when hot.
I like the way it keeps coffee hot without burning.
About as messy as a press to clean.
I lost one of the parts to my original Farberware Super Fast percolator, which was about 35 years old.
So, when I saw this great deal on Amazon, I decided to replace the old one.
The new percolator looks almost identical and it does indeed make really great tasting hot coffee "super fast".
The 4 cup size is perfect for those mornings when it's just me who will be drinking coffee.
My only "complaint" is that the inside parts (stem and basket) don't seem quite as sturdy as the ones from my old unit.
Overall, I think it's a very good product and I love the fact that the appearance has remained the same.
I purchased the Farberware 8 Cup Percolator to replace my other Farberware percolator that I had for 10 years.
The other one I had only went because of problems with the base it was the type with a timer/base that they discontinued.
I purchased a good 'ol reliable Superfast Farberware Percolator about a month ago and LOVE IT.
My coffee is always piping hot, it does perk very quickly and I enjoy using it everyday.
I would buy again and/or give as a gift with no doubts.
Others are more expensive but not any better, this one is great for coffee lovers like myself.
I've been using a standard drip coffee maker for years and years.
I got a little concerned about mold, plastic leaching etc.
so thought I would try one of these all-stainless percolators after reading reviews.I am THRILLED at the wonderful coffee this little percolator makes.
It does everything automatically - makes an entertaining burbling sound as it brews; puttting out a delicious aroma in the process.
The coffee itself is absolutely the most flavorful I have ever brewed.
It's nice not to have to worry about buying and throwing away any filters.I'll never ever brew coffee any other way.
I'm a simple regular black coffee drinker and for me this is the best cup of coffee I could ever ask for.
The simple pleasures of life are the best and I'm actually excited to make my morning coffee with this little jewel!.
It is a 6 cup, which translates to 3 mugs in my house.
With four adult coffee drinkers in our home, whoever got up last had to make more coffee.
On weekends, we were running the poor little thing all day.
I found this 12 cup model and did not hesitate to order it.
It works exactly as the small one does, making a full pot in about 10 minutes.
Now we all get a first cup and most of us get a second.
My parents still like this kind of coffee maker, so I purchased one for them 3 yrs ago, and it still works fine.
After using drip makers for years (and experiencing them leaking, not making good tasting coffee, made cheaply, breaking), I tried this percolator.
My mom and aunts and grandma always used farberware percolators.
They are made well, clean easily, last long, look nice, and make a great cup of coffee.
I will never go back to a drip.
I finally have a good cup of coffee that stays hot until the last drop.
That is my major complaint out drop coffee makers the coffee doesn't stay hot.
I always have to pour my coffee and then put it in the microwave.
The taste of the coffee is also the best I have had.
A great, fast little percolator for the money.
The heating element gave out on my old one after 5 years.
This one was $25 off so I couldn't pass up the deal.
This one fits the bill if you don't have a lot of all-day coffee drinkers in the house.
I usually make a full pot in the a.m., unplug it and reheat again in the p.m.
My mother wanted a small electric percolator and requested Farberware by name.
I ignored her request and shopped around and found this percolator highly recommended, so I bought one.
My mom was right again and she loves it.
Nothing like a hot pot of freshly brewed coffee in the mornings, and this makes it happen.
Starts perking as soon as it's plugged in.
After reading the positive and critical reviews of this particular Farberware Percolator, I am very happy I decided to purchase it.
I haven't used a percolator in years and although I trusted the brand, I didn't know if I would really like the style.
I chose the 8-cup which is perfect for the two of us instead of the 10-cup or 12-cup.
Yes, the cord is short but for our set up, it works just fine.
I understand if a longer cord is needed, it can be purchased.
After several pots, we found the amount of coffee to produce medium strength coffee was perfect for us.
Unlike a couple of reviewers, our percolator produces one HOT pot of coffee!.
I use a drip coffee filter in my basket and the coffee has no grounds and tastes great.G.
I recently purchased the Farberware 8 cup coffee percolater.
Let me tell you this produces the hottest cup of coffee I have ever had.
Time to go back to a proven workhorse and Farberware is the right choice.
Bravo Farberware, My grandparents used you, My parents used you, and hopefully I will be a lifer.
As usual this is the very best coffee pot.
I have purchased only one other coffee pot for years and I hated it.
I used this for making 2 large cups and it is quick to perk.
I also try to use it for 1 large cup (12 oz.
and I find that it does not perk enough.
I tried adding more coffee, but that gets to be expensive and shouldn't.
it should have a timer of how long you want it to perk.That would solve my problem.
I do recommend this for someone who want to get 3 cups of very hot coffee.
I like my coffee real hot and this one does the job.
Had the first one for 5 or 6 years.The reason I got a new one, the inside bottom of pot lost some of its finish.
Didn't seem to effect coffee.Find it easier to make coffee and clean than those other drip models.
Bought it as a gift and whenever I go visit I have the best coffee!  It perks amazingly fast, stays hot and never gets bitter.
so I'll return this for a larger percolator.
Coffees and a Krups, and this simple device makes a great cup of hot coffee!.
This is the fourh Farberware coffee pot I have bought.
It is far superior to any other electric pot I've ever used, the coffee is always excellent and VERY hot.
The only problem is that after two, three years it stops working efficiently and needs to be replaced.
Maybe I will be lucky this time and it will last longer, therefore the four stars.
I had forgotten how much better percolated coffee tastes compared to drip.
Even after sitting in the pot for an hour, the coffee still tastes fresh.
After an hour in the drip coffee makers, the coffee was bitter and murky.
We use less coffee per pot and less is dumped out due to being old.
The only reason I didn't order the 12-cup programmable one is because of all the reviews saying it quits working after a few months.
I am hoping this one holds up better.
Even if it does konk out after a few months, I'll still buy another percolator.Added: It konked out after 6 months.
I have been using the Faberware 4-6 and 6-8 cup perculators for several years.
I will have a better idea of how good the Millenium is after several months (If it last that long).
The new pots have a grounded plug making it a lot safer.
I went so far as to change the receptacle to a ground fault detector just in case.
These pots have a tendancy to fail rather quickly if used 2 to 4 times daily.
I had one last year (A 6-8 cup) only last 2 months!  I don't know what the difference is between the Millenium and the non-millenium.
The only difference was the word Millenium on one of them.
All I can say about the pot is that it makes an excellent cup of coffee in 5 minutes.
When I compared my old 4-6 cup to the new one, there was a noticeable difference in the quality.
Ordered yesterday, arrived today just in time for afternoon coffee.
I finally had a cup of hot enough coffee and great tasting coffee.
Only use it about one or two days a week since I go out often for breakfast.
Hers just stopped working a couple months back.
Mkae sure you wash it well after each use.
Seen on another site people saying it rust.
So, I purchased the 2-4 cup coffee maker by Farberware.
I had my best cups of coffee since I began to use it and am in coffee heaven.
However, it is a HOT pot and one must take precautions when lifting the lid and handling it if it is still plugged in.
Yes, the coffee pot stays on and there is no turn off switch.
Coffee is hotter and it's easy to clean,no nooks and crannies.
Made in China, but quality appears to be good.
Makes a fast 8 cups of coffee and easy to clean.
Cute Machine.But - It has several unsafe features.
This coffee maker and I have a long relationship.
I have bought it for all my family members who drink coffee and they all love it.
I did have one incident and that is with the first cord.
After two years it heated up too fast and flipped the circuit.
I replaced the chord and it works well again.
The coffee is hot and because it percolates the coffee you can use less of it, especially if you grind it very fine.
It is cute too, washes easily, Dip-It cleans the residue that accumulates over time.
Most important thing to remember is to always, always pour the water in first.
Forgetting the water and plugging it in equals ruined coffee maker.
Only down side is if you forget to turn it off.
Love, love, love! this little perculator! - so much that I bought a second one for the office, all my co-workers are jealous! LOL.
I got so tired of breaking and not being able to replace glass coffee carafes.
Not to mention they can be bulky in a smallerkitchen.
This percolator makes 12 cups of great coffee inminimum time, 12 minutes tops maybe less.
I just used the coffee I had on hand with no problems.
They recommend cleaning the unitas needed  with a drip coffee maker.
I have no complains thus far you can keep the coffee warm in the pot without transferringto a thermos.
Easy to clean and store, use with a filter fromMelita for easy to make coffee.
perfect for that quick cup of morning coffee for two.
I've come to appreciate the taste of percolater coffee rather then plastic coffee machines.
This perks it up no time and cleans up easy.
It makes an OK pot of coffee and does it quickly.
it makes an OK, about mediocre cup of coffee.
I've tried a few varieties of StarBucks as well as common brands such as Folgers and Chock Full.
I'm not sure if it is better than an ADC maker for the extra effort involved.
Now she takes this smaller version with her wherever she goes so she can have her favorite coffee when she travels.
You go with the same brand, to try to get one as close to the one you had, as you can.
I like it.So now, the old one will be the back-up.
This pot brought all the great coffee flavor I was hoping for, but not until I managed to pry open the lid.
There are several metal flanges (?) which grip the inner rim of the pot, keeping the lid safely in place.
One of them was incorrectly placed, and I finally managed to fix it after use of pliers and a wrench.
That said, wonderful coffee pot, even with relatively inexpensive ground coffee from the supermarket.
BTW, pot does make some comforting noise while brewing, but unfortunately, not the same perka-perka-perka of the old guys!.
The lid is tight but the spring causes the coffee grounds to fly off.
You save a lot of money on filters and use less coffee with this machine since it recycles the grounds with the water.
It keeps it hot so you can wait a few minutes before pouring it.
I recently purchased a Presto 12 cup percolator based on good reviews to replace this same percolator that I had for 4 -5 years.
Hot coffee and very few grounds.Well, I hated the Presto.
It spewed coffee grounds into the coffee which tasted weird and watery.
I never could seem to get the right amount of coffee to water.
I finally gave in and reordered this model again and haven't regretted it.
I should have just gotten the same one in the first place.
Now I'm back to hot coffee that tastes great and has no grounds.
I'm a coffee lover, and not a snooty one.
Okay, agreed: it might not be the "ideal" way to brew coffee.
But let's be honest, who among us honestly takes the time to cold brew (the BEST method, I think), Aero Press, French Press, etc.
every day?  I 'reserve' these for weekend mornings listening to Weekend Edition, Car Talk, Dr.
Another is the SPEED - the Farberware makes 8 cups in about 8 minutes.
Keep that in mind if you're comparing brew times.The "timer" on the Farberware is JUST RIGHT, too.
It doesn't add to the quality of the brew, but it makes a percolator just a bit more fun, and at least a little nostalgic.
We needed to replace our old 4-cup Farberware Percolator.
By going on Amazon, I was able to find the best deal.
This product is Made in China but I contacted Farberware and they assured me that there is no lead in the product.
I was so impressed with the difference in the taste of the coffee I had to purchase this upon seeing it on Amazon.
It looks great on my counter, and takes up less room than the old 4 cup drip thing.
It doesn't take long to set up at night before bed and all I have to do is plug it in in the morning.
I just let the 5 or so grounds come to the top and I get them out with my spoon.
I think the filters will eliminate that.Overall, I'm loving this cutie!.
Have owned this coffee pot for about a month.
So far it's performing as advertised...brews very quickly.
It sounds like the space shuttle is being launched when you first start it.
My cat runs away when he hears it perking.
LOLI am disappointed to see that Farberware crapped out and is manufacturing in China.
The craftsmanship is obviously inferior to the percolator I owned for 20 years.
It's sad that I'm already anticipating this Chinese perker to die within a year or so.
they last about a good 2 years then the element goes bad not made here USA but it works well.
My aunt said my cousin told her they discontinued it.
She loves percolated coffee more, says regular coffee makers do not keep it hot and burns it.
She was so ecstatic when I sent it to her.
I am about to buy me one too.
After breaking several glass carafes on drip coffee pots I decided to get back to the basics of coffee making.
I chose the Farberware FCP280 8-cup percolator to experiment with.
What a joy!  Good coffee and quickly made.
Easy to clean up and no glass to break.
The only thing I had forgotten about percolators is they are quite a bit noisier than the drip ones.
It sounds like the space shuttle going off but brews quickly so the noise is short-lived.
I agree with the reviewer that said this was not as well made as in the past.
It seems flimsy compared to the older models.
I bought two of these lovely Farberware percolators, one for work and one for home, back in the 1980's and they still work great.
These percs are fast and pretty and classic.
With any perc you should use a rougher grind of coffee and filter paper round, which will reduce the particles in your cup.
First and foremost, this coffee pot is excellent.
Note #1:  Subsequently, Amazon generously refunded the cost of the redundant coffee pot.
Note #2: This percolator coffee pot makes excellent coffee -- especially if you buy Peet's Sumatran.
This is the best coffee pot for your money.
I owned the same pot for 10 years so it was a no brainer to purchase another one.
The coffee pot brews a consistently hot, delicious cup of coffee.
My pot gets a work out day in an day out and never lets me down.
Coffee and Kuerig like systems and I didn't like the way they did not get the coffee hot enough.
You can adjust the amount of coffee in the Farberware to reach the brewed taste that suits you - weak, strong or in between.
I like coffee made from a percolator rather than a drip method.
I wish it percolated just a little longer to make the coffee a littler richer.
We have had a Farberware percolator for many years.
Not only did we get the best price possible, but it included FREE shipping.
If you like your coffee hot and flavorful, this durable and reliable electric coffee maker is the best you will find.
Best part is it is still reasonably priced and made in the USA.
I don't go to Starbucks, or any of the other trendy coffee shops.
But I like a good cup of coffee and for years have been disappointed with drip coffee makers.
Coffee I used before.There is just no comparison between drip-brewed coffee and percolated coffee.
Percolated coffee tastes better and the Farberware FCP240 is perfect for one or two coffee drinkers!.
This is the fourth (or maybe the fifth) Farberware pot we've owned.
When we have company for dinner the 12 cup is just right while the 8 cup would have been too small.
(I use mugs so each serving is really more like 1 1/2 &#34;cups&#34;).The pot is easy to clean and makes great coffee.
what I like best is that the coffee is HOT - not lukewarm like so many of the drip pots.
It also keeps the coffee HOT if you are still working on b'fast and the coffee has finished about 5 minutes before you're ready.
I generally make 8 cups every morning, but the pot works just as well when my husband makes 4 cups.
I bought this item a few years ago to replace a cheapo plastic coffeemaker that made awful tasting coffee when its carafe finally cracked.
It makes great coffee and I anticipate it lasting for years.
I was given a small percolator like this a couple of years ago and she wanted one like it.
Do they make filters for this pot?  Otherwise, it works very well and suits our purpose.
This small unit is perfect for 2-6 cups and makes the same quality cup of coffee as thier 50 cup units.
Perculated coffee is much better tasting than coffe from the more popular drip coffee makers and is just as fast.
It also looks cool on the kitchen counter!.
Hence, cutting  off 3/8" around the outer perimeter of the half-moon shaped filter after folding in half.
Then, while still folded in half, I snip a 1/4" centre notch.
Unfold and slip the filter into the metal bin.
For years I was not satisfied with my morning coffee.
I used to nuke it 30 seconds of so.
This percolator makes the best, I mean the best, cup of coffee I've had going back 30 years.
If you are used to the drip coffee makers, you will find a percolator a bit more work.
But trust me, the coffee will more than make up for the few minutes it takes.
I like this one because it also brews until the coffee is ready, and then stops so you know your coffee is ready.
This is my 3rd Farberware coffeepot in 30 years.
I left one of them on for an entire weekend, and it STILL WORKED afterwards.
Each lasted a long time, eventually just slowing down and making weak coffee, after MANY years of dependable service.
Takes up very little room, makes enough coffee for me and a guest.
YES...It's a quality brand;compact design;can set my watch that in 12 minutes we are having our morning coffee.
Perfect for 2 big mugs and a little left for heat up.
I like the percolator first because I love really hot coffee.
The Farberware percolator also makes the perfect-tasting cup of coffee.
Pricey for me but what other choice do I have?.
Plus, it is easier to store out of sight when not in use.
This is the fifth time have bought this pot.
Farberware 8 Cup Percolator makes really hot coffee.
After the coffee is made, the Farberware 8 Cup Percolator keeps it very hot, wonderfully hot.
Using decent grade coffee, the percolator makes good tasting coffee.
Drink only 2 cups of coffee per week so this is the ideal size.
I have it set up with an appliance timer.
It is done when I get up and 2 hours later it turns off.
No worries!We enjoy the perk coffee so much!.
The first thing my husband said when I handed him a cup of coffee made in this cute little pot is "it's not bitter".
That's been a problem for him, especially with various coffeemakers we've tried (single cup, small drip, & stainless carafe drip).
Most importantly for me, the coffee is smooth & it's hot.
I like a hot cup that's not too strong, but not wishy washy either.
It perks quickly (about 4 minutes) & makes 4 Fiesta mugs, which is plenty for our daily morning needs.
I make sure to never leave the kitchen with it plugged in.
All in all, after using this for a few weeks, I'm very happy with my purchase.
Honestly, this thing is so cute and small.
Beautiful stainless steel and such a nice size.
I don't see it being obstrusive at all at a buffet table or on the dinner table during convo's.
Haven't used it yet, but I don't think it will be a problem.
I grew up loving the smell of percolators' at an elderly woman's home that I loved like a Grandma.
I can't wait to plug it in and be brought back to then.Update: June 20th, 2008Still loving this little percolator.
Brewed very quickly and kept the coffee so very hot.
My Cuisanart grind and brew, which I hated, but it did make a good cup of coffee, finally died.
While researching a replacement coffeemaker I stumbled across reviews for percolators.
The comments about the taste of perked versis drip was interesting and I decided to try a percolator.
All I can say is, I am so glad I did.
The coffee is TONS better than any coffee made by any of my past drip machines.
Coffee is perked rapidly, it is piping hot and very smooth and flavorful.
No problems with speed of brewing, temperature at which the coffee is held, flavor etc....eventually the handle will come apart from the pot.
Seems like all the careful handling in the world won't keep the handle from coming loose.
This is such a great little percolator that I'm getting a second one.
This is perfect for when you don't need a big quantity.
I use it when I want 2 big mugs of coffee rather than use my more expensive k-cups.
This percolator is a simple machine that does one thing really well: it makes a piping hot, evenly-brewed pot of coffee.
This thing blows away my 100 dollar drip machine.
It makes a high-quality brew comparable to the ones you get at coffee shops.
The coffee is never burnt, even if you leave it in the pot too long.
Coffee brews so hot and full of taste that I am always glad I purchased this.
The drip machine never captured the taste of the coffee as well as this little guy.
Some people get faulty machines, I see, but mine has performed well for many weeks now.
The coffee doesn't get re-percolated to keep it warm.
The coffee is very hot, but not boiling when it is done.
I've had one of these for many years and it recently went on the fritz after a LOT of usage.
It can't be beat - and the fact that it's cordless is huge.
You can have a table full of folks for dinner, and walk around freely with your percolator; no unplugging required.
Whereas I agree with those who have commented on this product's durability issues, your experience will depend on the application.
In my case, I brought the coffee pot to work, where I brew one small (6 cups) pot a day.
I haven't had the problems with the programming buttons (cracking and peeling) or the top knob coming off.
I will admit that this pot is rather &quot;dainty&quot; and not recommended for &quot;extreme&quot; home use.
Overall, one of the best cups of home brew I have ever made!.
My husband kept forgetting to turn the old one off so we bought this one.
The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that you can't override the auto shut-off feature for when you are home, etc.
Sometimes because I work a different schedule the coffee is cold by the time I get some.
However, the pot is beautiful, easy to set and easy to clean.
I would definitely buy it again! Recommendation to manufacturer to extend auto-shutoff time to 4 hours rather than 2.
A rule of thumb, coffee snobs will tell you, is that you never ever use a percolator to make coffee.
I don't like presses, they taste funny, and driped coffee is too cold.This is a great machine.
It features contemporary styling, ease of use, and is full featured.
I bought this unit as a replacement for a Rival programmable cooker that came with a non-fit cover and punched out 'feet'.
The Farberware slow cooker has been a delight to use.
I have made beef stew, baked beans, soup and even a sinfully moist chocolate cake.
The cover is a tight fit and the metal ring around the rim assures a vapor seal, preventing moisture loss.
Of particular note are the settings: Low, High and Auto.
The Auto function heats the unit to the High setting and then automatically shifts to the Low setting.
This assures a quick heating of the unit and discourages the possibility of food contamination from bacteria.
Aesthetically, the cooker will look great on your counter with its polished steel body and sleek black insert.
One word of caution, however: the outside does get hot so you will want to keep it out of the reach of the kids.
The handles stay cool, but if you have to move it, you may want to use hot pads just to be safe.
I did quite an extensive search/comparison for a slow cooker and found that this one had the best rating.
So I got it, used it, and I love it.
The ease of a slow cooker is great, and this one works wonderfully.
The lid is great too because it's clear, heavy and fits well.
It looks nice on the counter too, if you intend to keep it there.
You can put a whole chicken in there and the meat always comes out moist and tender.
It cooks slowly what else? I put roasts, ribs, pork shoulder, anything that needs a long time to cook, and 6-7 hours later its done.
I work nights and I start the dinners in the morning and by dinnertime my family has a great hot meal.
They are shocked at how tender and delicious tough cuts of meat become.
This bait has got to be the most foul smelling stuff in the world(maybe skunks).
Woks extremely well at attracting flys but highly recommend using away and up wind from where you might want to be.
THIS STUFF STINKS! But then that is why it works so well to attract flys.
Be sure to wear rubber gloves when working with it or else you will smell like s*** until it wears off.
I put this outside in the winter, just to see if I would get any flies.
Maybe I'm pulling some over from the dairies and chicken ranches in California.
:)You know when the flies are favoring the fly trap over the dog poop, it must be good bait.
I can't imagine there are any ingredients in it that are useful for much else.
But the expense seems to be an industry standard.
In the summer, when the flies are marinating at a simmer, getting within 15' is not advisable.
In the winter, I rarely detect the smell from further away than a few feet.Contrary to another reviewer's opinion that this smells like laundry detergent.
Or any that I would want to use.
To put it mildly, this vile product smells like rotting dead things and decomposing feces.
It's like a little slice of fly Heaven!.
I put it in a plastic jar sold on here as a trap.
Nice to capture the big ones so more do not keep coming.
OLD: I have not used the bait as yet.
If it is the same as what was supplied with the fly trap bottle it is weak.
When I replaced the bottom wrapping with black tape the fly trap worked perfectly with new bait.The fly trap is excellent.
The plastic bag is strong.I have noticed that it is best not to hang the fly trap in direct sun.
I think the UV kills the bacteria in the bait over a few days, It could also be caused by heat buildup.
They eventually tie and fall into the putrid muck at the bottom of the jar where they drown.
I bought the Quart size bottle used with this bait.
I hung it up outdoors by the garbage can...it's completely full in a week with what must be at least 500 - 800 dead flies.
The good news is, there's no longer flies buzzing around the doors of my house waiting to get in.
After two days, only a couple of flies.
I'm not sure what the 1 star people did wrong, but this stuff is fantastic.
I bought the large fly trap, filled it 1/2 way with water and within a day I had 50+ flies.
disgusting, but incredibly effective.The packets are expensive, so I use about 1/3 of a packet per use rather than an entire packet.
Still works great and lasts 3x as long (if I did the math right).
:)My kiddos even made me a little award, "World's Best Fly Killer!".
It's BAIT, for Pete's sake! And it works.
Why you ask for twelve more words? Am I supposed to have made some kind of connection with this product?.
It gets the job DUN...DONE!  I have tried apple cider vinegar and does not work as the power pack for the fly trap.
Pretty gross when you go to empty all the dead bugs, and WHEW! does it stink.
They say you can empty the bottle and there will be a residual odor that still attracts.
I guess it does, but it's nothing like the first batch, the catcher was really full that time.
I've been using my chef model KM201 which is essentially the same as the one currently available since 1996.
I lucked out and got it at Walmart for $75.
Only because I had seen it in the Chef's catalog did I have any idea what a powerful machine this would be.
Actually mine has the Rival logo on it, but it is the very same machine.
It has the 5 quart bowl, the K beater, the dough hook, and the balloon whisk.
Mostly I have used the K beater and the dough hook.I have used it for making bread, cakes, and cookies.
The French bread recipe in the recipe booklet is terrific.
It may not have done that if I'd had sense enough to change to the dough hook when adding the coconut.
Anyway, even the reset button was of no use, but my handy husband was able to take it apart and repair it.
However, I've seen that complaint about other planetary motion mixers so I guess I'll just have to live with it.
That's the only reason my rating is only 4 stars instead of 5.
Bosch does an excellent job mixing, kneading, and whipping and they last forever without any problems.
Yes, I know, it costs $100 to $150 more than the Kitchen Aid.
I have both and I find I use the Kenwood more often.
Why? Ease of use is reason number one.
I mix pumpkin bread dough in the Kenwood and it doesn't even struggle in the least.
The same dough would kill a mere mortal mixer and really makes the Kitchen Aid struggle.
The attachments are hard to find and more expensive when you do find them.
I love this mixer!  It is SO much better than a Kitchenaid.
The motor is much more powerful and more versatile because of its many speeds and pulse mechanism.
It's a great choice!  After many years, it still works like it was brand new and I have never had a problem with it once.
My mother bought a chef back in the 1960's and it is still doing duty in her kitchen.
When I got married it had to be on the list of wedding gifts.
Although this is an expensive mixer, the price is worth it.
They are strong and reliable.I use mine for mixing bread, pastry, cakes, cookies, whisking sponges, beating eggs and cream, making frosting.
The liquidizer/Blender is in constant use, you cant get a better way to make breadcrumbs or to puree vegetables and soup.
The basic animal is good enough to sell it.
The add ons are what make it versatile and exciting.
It's easy to use, quite powerful, and the flour, etc.
It has such a large capacity that it makes the job a ton smoother.
We had a plastic one that served us well for 10 years.
It broke & decided to go metal with it's replacement.
This a great colander, it's made in India which is of good quality.
I originally bought this for a co-worker for a wedding gift and liked the looks of it so much I bought one for myself.
Sure am glad - it's used almost daily in our house.
I've seen a lot of colanders and personally, they're all about the same.
What makes the Amco Colander better than others is that it uses standard sizes and they're known for their high quality steel.
This is one of those where you can substitute for a cheaper product but if you got the money, go for it.
The Amco 6-quart Stainless-Steel Colander is an excellent buy.
The colander is made of quality steel and feels very sturdy.
The handles have a good, solid grip and the stainless steel is a good thickness.
I find the 6-quart size to be about right for most general purposes and it provides a little extra room for larger jobs.
Quality this item gets five stars, the only thing I found to be lacking was the holes.
Generally speaking, this is the best price and quality you can get for a stainless steel colander.
Definitely recommended.UPDATE 5/19/10:  The Amco 6-quart Stainless-Steel Colander is still going strong.
While I am still happy with my purchase, the lack of proper holes for draining is more of an issue now.
Some models have leg supports, but this is a solid piece all the way around it.
With minimal holes in the bottom and a solid support, the water can build up in the sink.
For the price and quality, I still recommend the item, but it verges on the three to four star rating.
I used to have this same or similar wok 20 years ago.
(It took me 40-45 minutes to pre-season the entire wok.) When I finished I had a beautiful darker wok.
Then I poured in a quart or more of soapy water and swished steel wool around in it using chopsticks.
Then I rinsed that out and dried it.
All that was left after that was the SEASONING.
It usually takes only a very, very light scrub (and takes about 15-30 seconds) to fully clean the wok.
I have had a few woks in the past.
First...Highly recommend a round bottom, with the stand.
It creates much better heat for cooking with a  wok, they way it is in intended.
Second, you NEED to be sure to season this wok well before you use it.
If you do this, i dont see how this will not last a long time.
Dont worry about it changing color or looking beat up, if seasoned right, it will work well every time.
You have to season it from time to time though, that's my only beef with these pots.
it is important to season it right but I've been using it non stop since I first got it.
I haven't cooked with it, seasoned it or washed it yet.
My first impression is it's good looking, it appears to be well made.
It's heavier than I expected; the metal is thick.
It's the heaviest wok of four or five I've owned.
The helper handle makes more sense now, considering the weight of the wok.
I won't be flipping this one.Now I've owned it a while and used it several times.
The wok is well made but it doesn't get hot enough on my American gas stove.
I tried turning the ring upside down but that didn't work.
It's a high quality piece of cookware that just doesn't work on my stove.
I guess eventually I'll try the flat bottomed 14 inch wok as is recommended by many for American stoves.
I'm beginning the think the real problem is the stove just won't give enough heat and no wok will work very well.
For now, my cast iron skillet works better than a wok but I don't like it's weight or shape so much, for stir frying.
The wood handle stays cool and makes cooking easier because I do not have to wear oven mittens.
I have an electric stove and it transfers heat evenly.
I could not believe how hard it is to find an authentic wok.
Most of them are the non-stick kind or the electric ones.
This one is fine carbon steel and should last forever.
It must be seasoned first and the directions are included.
I had to buy a ring and a lid separately.
More recently after seeing a video on wok seasoning and care I brought my wok back into service.
I learned that proper seasoning and maintenance is actually easy when you incorporate it into your cooking experience.
I've been making some of the tastiest meals I've ever cooked in this wok, and rust is a thing of the past.
Do all your food prep before heating the wok because you will be cooking fast.
Also be aware that the hot oil vapors can flash fire, so be careful.
My wok is now a primary cooking implement and I've purchased the ladle and spatula to make it easier and faster to cook with.
I rarely buy chinese takeout anymore because I cook it my way now.
The wok is also great for reheating stir fried leftovers.
So begin with proper seasoning and be adventurous and experience foods in a beautifully delicious way.
I've had this wok for about a year now and it has performed well.
Make sure to season it/wash it properly so that it lasts a long time.
Its heavy and large, with firm wood handles.
Works great on my gas stove top without any sort of attachment to the stove.
I wish my stove got as hot as a real wok cooking stove.
You're going to cook a lot of Asian food after getting this!I've attached pictures showing it after a years use.
Great buy really for anyone that enjoys wok cooking this is awesome.
Very good quality I am very happy with my purchase.
This Wok was pretty much what I expected and hoped for.
The rounded bottom does mean that you will need to buy a stand for it, but also allows for more authentic cooking styles.
If you are looking for a good wok, this is your wok.
use it very often and it works great.
It's a round solid bottom carbon steel wok.
The handles are solid and well made so far.
So it keeps all the stars.I had an non-typical sized 13-inch Chinese cast iron wok for 2 years.
14 inch makes a lot of difference in the volume but still fit reasonably into my twin kitchen sink.
My typical wok ring is for 14 inches and above.
It was slightly too large for my old wok.
Carbonized food residue can integrate with the cast iron or come off in trunks.
I think carbon steel should be better.I would have got the small steel loop handles if they are not more expensive including shipping.
For seasoning I can put the whole wok in the oven or the gas barbecue.
Also, wood will break down sooner than metal, right?  Without the wood handles, it could fit better in the sink.
However, the wood handles are much more convenient than without.
I can happily live with it.The wok comes with a clear protective lacquer.
The boiling, hot soapy water, and abrasive pad helps to remove most or all of it.
I don't know if there's something special about my hand dish detergent - Palmolive pure & clear ultra.
When the undiluted detergent make contact with the wok surface, the surrounding area seems to have lacquer still on it.
And before the lacquer comes off completely, wiping the wok with kitchen paper towel will result in greenish color on the paper.
I would dry the wok first completely before adding oil for example.
If you don't do that during seasoning, a proper stir fry will do that for you (unevenly though).
The sturdy wood handle is great to manoeuvre the wok to get some brown color on the side.
I didn't remember if it is in the instructions.
For the oven seasoning method I used to put oil on both sides.
For this one I just smear oil on the bottom and put it under the stove, normal side up.
Some years ago, I tossed out the grungy wok i bought in Chinatown and replaced it with a fancy flat-bottomed stainless steel one.
And the steel just didn't conduct the heat to my satisfaction.
Carbon steel may be a pain to season, but it's still the best conductor of heat for stir-fry.
The design is quite pleasing, and I love the wooden handles, because I don't have to reach for a potholder when I'm cooking.
Although the instructions don't tell you what kind of oil to use for seasoning, I suggest peanut oil.
I started with some corn oil and it blackened, but it scrubbed off and I started again.
I LOVE this WOK - purchased it a few years ago at another outlet.
Cleanup is easy - you clean it right away and you are ready to go.
MUST be oiled to preserve the quality...that takes about one minute to clean and oil.
My husband and I decided to try the vegetarian life 6 months ago and I was learning how to make a good veggie/tofu stir-fry.
I had a 30-year-old small basic wok that was unseasoned carbon steel like this one, but light weight.
But after seasoning this, which I followed the nicely detailed directions, it has been a workhorse in my kitchen.
I can stir-fry enough vegetables for two meals, and store one for later use.
You have to take good care of it, meaning keeping it seasoned (oiled) on the inside or it will rust.
That rust easily comes off with a little scrubbing and more oiling.
If you don't want that trouble, buy a coated one, but this is the authentic deal.
Mine survived fine.First, stove-season the wok per the instructions, concentrating on the bottom.
Wrap the small handle in a wet dishcloth or wet paper towels, then wrap the wet cloth completely in aluminum foil.
Re-wet and re-wrap the cloth keeping the handle cool.
Dry with a paper towel and heat briefly over medium to medium-high heat to remove any remaining moisture.
I really like using it to cook oriental dishes.
The previous one I owned didn't have the wood  handle, and I'm glad I have it.
It makes serving from the pan much  easier.Flat bottom vs round.
I used to have round bottom pan, but the  gas stove I have now recommended not using a wok ring.
Least ways not one  which retains the flame/heat.
After having used both for a while, I can say  it doesn't seem to matter much.
By having a flat bottom pan, its one less  thing to thing to hassle with.
Also at the high  tempetatures I cook things at, it seemed like a non stick surface wouldn't  hold up.
This process  splatters the oil a lot and the deep bowl of a wok keeps it in the pan.
Its really hot on the bottom of the pan,  and much less so up at the edges.
Makes it easier to control the  cooking.This isn't a first fry pan for a kitchen, at least not mine.
High carbon steel seasons well (a process by which you impregnate the steel with a layer of oil.) Follow the directions.
Never wash a wok with detergent or put it in the dishwasher.
We scrub ours out with coarse salt and follow with hot water, a swipe of a paper towel and then a bit of cooking oil.
To cool the wok, remove from the electric element; for gas, just adjust the gas level.) 4.
The handle is also not traditional but handy and well made.In short, you can't find a better wok.
High carbon steel WON'T rust if you take care of it according to directions.
And it cooks better than non-stick surfaces, which should not be heated as hot.
I wanted something that wasn't bulky and heavy.
Meets my needs very well; easy clean, lightweight; fits both my woks (I have 2 different sizes.).
This item will allow the heat to flow freely from your stove top to your wok, for quicker cooking, and greater control.
This is a nice, well made wok ring.
It is much lighter weight than I had hoped and so isn't quite as steady on my stove - slides around a little.
I think it would be better for a smaller wok but it's not really very stable with a 14" one.
I will probably use it as a stand.
I do like the design which allows for the flame to hit evenly on the entire bottom of the wok.
It's make of polished stainless steel so is easy to clean when you slop something on it.
I had my doubts about a wok ring that looked so unsubstantial, but I was wrong.
This ring is light weight, being mostly air, but supports my wok perfectly and is easy to handle.
Such a totally practical device! And this pan is very easy to clean, unlike some of the others with those grid-like bottoms.
It is not inexpensive, but then you get what you pay for.
One of the nicest things to happen to cheesecake baking since the advent of the food processor.
Many people see cheesecake-baking as a frightening art second only to souffle-baking in its mysteriousness and perils.
However, with the right pan it's incredibly easy.
For me, the Kaiser La Forme springform pan is that pan.There are several things about cooking cheesecake that can get tricky.
The Kaiser La Forme pans are heavy-gauge steel that distributes heat evenly.Another potential problem is dripping.
This is extremely unlikely to happen with a Kaiser La Forme pan.
Also, as long as you use a thin layer of butter to grease the pan before filling, the cheesecake will come up fairly easily.
My wife has been using this pan at least once a month for several years.
It is heavy duty - no dings, no dents no warping - it still looks new (well, almost)  It cooks evenly and cleans up easily.
I've only had a chance to use this pan once, but I was happy with it.
Overall, well worth the money in my opinion.
Kaiser LaForme Nonstick Springform pans are the best pans for making cheesecake.
Since recipes vary, you may want to check the size you will need.
The 9-inch springform pan would be used for a large cheesecake.
I love mine for making New York-style cheesecake.
The bottom of this pan can be used for a serving plate but be sure to use a plastic server or spatula.
The heavy nonstick coating on this pan makes clean-up easy! Highly recommended!.
I bought this pan to use with my new "Junior's CheesecakeCookbook" and I'm so glad I did.
This is a very well-madenon-stick springform pan which has a unique design thatprevents it from warping and leaking.
The cheesecaketurned out just like the picture in the book - perfect!It's an expensive pan, but quality doesn't come cheap;it should last a lifetime.
This is a "must have" panfor cheesecake and I highly recommend it.
I have been using my Kaiser springform pan for several years.
The pan was recommended to me by a cooking instructor.
It is great because it has a nonstick coating and it does not leak.
Many of the less expensive ones, rust, and mar up when you cut on it with a knife.
In fact, the pan touts itself as being cut proof.
I also like that my pan seems to hold a very tight seal, that is wonderful when making a cheesecake that requires a waterbath.
All in all this pan is well constructed, and will give you many years of service.
I have several of the Kaiser La Forme cookie sheets and products.
They are all fantastic, easy to clean, and very sturdy.
This is a nicely sized, heavy duty cookie sheet with a non-stick surface that bakes biscuits and large pizzas great.
But, since the non-stick baking surface itself is not effected, it is not a major problem.
Everyone can use a new cookie sheet right.
Especially if I can get a $17+ cookie sheet for around $7.
If their cookie sheets look anything like mine do after a year, I'm sure they will appreciate a new one.
I purchased two of the La Forme 10x14 cookie sheets in 2004 and they still work like a charm.
Despite some minor discoloration the surface is still completely non-stick; not bad for something we have used almost every day for the past three years.
Not only does the nonstick coating hold up well to everyday use it continues to clean up easily.
We use them to bake biscuits, cookies, rolls, pastries and the pans conduct heat evenly and everything we bake on them has come out great.
When baking cookies being able to bake 16 per sheet instead of 12 is ideal because it gets me out of the kitchen faster.
Great purchase - I would buy them again without hesitation.
& the good height to allow me to make raw vegan cheesecakes.
You get all the personal flavor in a personal size.
The quality of the metal seems to be really good.
I have not & will not bake in them soon.
I just use them in freezer for cheesecakes.
Got this for my girlfriend who just started a baking business and she loves it and says there are no problems with it.
I bought these to make mini cheesecakes for xmas gifts.
I didn't have any problems like some of the other reviewers with rust, but then again I washed and dried by hand.
I only plan to use these a few times/year and they are obviously up for that task and well worth the price.
My review is based strictly on the use for which I purchased these springform pans - shaping and raising my own bagels.
These pans are simply perfect for use with 6 oz.
With the mini-layer pans, the holes in the bagels closed during raising.
Even though I was able to "poke" through them during the boiling phase, the hole closed almost completely during the baking phase.
Using a 9" X 13" cake pan resulted in the bagels raising into and joining each other.
I hand washed the pieces before using them and have not put the pans in the dishwasher yet.
I line each pan with a square of parchment before covering them and putting the bagels in the refrigerator to raise.
Thus, I cannot comment on whether these are truly nonstick.
They are strictly used for molds for shaping and raising bagels.
In my opinion and for that purpose, they are a five-star product.
There are times I will make a primary batch of cheesecake filling and then divide it up for different additions.
These mini springform pans are perfect for doing this and giving each person their own.
These pans make a nice size for two people or works well for small items for a party.
The quality seems to be good, only time will tell about this.
When I found a recipe for mini-pumpkin cheesecakes, I knew I had to buy some mini-springform pans.
The nonstick feature on this set makes them perfect for any recipe.
When you receive them, you will think they are the most adorable kitchen item you have ever seen.
For a party, you might want to order more than one box.
These pans fit nicely on a baking sheet and you could bake six to a sheet.
Just keep the temperature the same and decrease the time.
The recipe I have was in the Sunset magazine and called for 10 "tart" pans (4 1/2 inch wide with removable rims).
I've never used springform pans before this and I'm pleasantly surprised how well they work.
I'm not much for making cheesecake because of watching weight, but banana breads and carrot cakes come out well with these.
I hesitated to buy these because of a review that said they aren't durable.
I wanted these because cooking a 9-inch dessert for two is too much.
I guess you can halve or quarter a standard recipe and reduce the cooking time to fit the 4.5-inch pan.
A warning: if you make four of these at once, you don't save any calories over one 9-inch dessert.
Kaiser would help themselves and their customers if they supplied proper recipes.After writing this review, I ordered "Small-Batch Baking" by Debby Maugans Nakos.
I got this pan for making cheesecakes in a 5 quart round crock pot.
It's a great size for one or two people.
(Standard recipes and pan sizes always make waaaaay too much for the small household.)I generally like Kaiser products.
Very good German engineered quality!  The BMW of bakeware.
I had some other springform pans that were useless and they went into the trash.
I know that I will be getting lots of use out of this.
I was looking for a small spring form pan so I could cook for two.
It can be reversed for left or right hand closure, cleanup was simple.
I would highly recommend this springform pan to anyone!.
I purchased this pan to make cheese cake in my pressure cooker.
It fits in my 6 quart cooker perfectly.
Not too much you can say about a baking pan.
This seems to be quality construction from Germany.
It was a little pricey but seems to be worth the money.
Baked with it and there were absolutely NO leaks, which is how this pan should perform.
I bought this for a specific baking project.
This pan is really well-made and I used it to bake cheesecakes.
I bought this based on reviews from America's Test Kitchen, and they didn't steer me wrong.
I hand wash it, and use just a cloth to wipe it.
No scouring, so the finish is still intact.
I'm thinking about getting another one, only because I'm often making 2-3 cheesecakes for the holidays.
I just happened to have croissant dough on hand when the springform arrived (on time), and decided to make a cinnamon coffee cake (princess ring).
It seems that most of the negative reviews I read about this product were a result of the reviewer, not the item itself.
Just make sure all your items are approximately the same price.
I have been an owner of this spring form pan for about five years now.
This pan will last a you a long time.
I love to make one time purchases, and this pan is my one time purchase when it comes to a pan to make cheesecakes in.
Sturdy, and firm, this pan will last you a lifetime.
This is a a good heavy spring-form pan as advertised.
The cheese cakes I have made in it have not leaked and cooked evenly.
It also has a small rim around the outside edge that catches any grease that may seep out.
Have a lot of spring-form pans and this is one I will use most often.
This pan is the best cheesecake pan I've used.
My cheesecakes bake evenly and NEVER leak (I bought it to replace one that cost the same amount but leaked all over my oven).
If you spray Pam on the base before making the crust, it will easily come off so you can put it on a serving plate.
I used a flat, flexible frosting spatula and slide it under the cheesecake to release it, then gently push it onto a plate.
Wash the pan right away before anything gets stuck to it, and you won't need more than a regular sponge.
Don't let the springform part soak - the metal bracket can rust.With proper care this pan should last for a long time.
the cookie sheet does bend in the oven but gets back to its shape when it cools down.
I just got it today and tried it out baking some cookies.
They work as advertised with regards to not burning the bottom of the cookies.
As compared to my other two cookie sheets, the bottom of the latest batch of cookies came out perfectly golden brown.
My previous cookie sheets use to come out very dark/burnt brown.
If I reduced cooking time with my previous cookie sheets, the cookies seemed and tasted not fully cooked.
Cookie does not burn or stick to pan.
It is much more expensive than other cookie sheets that I purchased.
No warping, no stick, and a good solid feel.
I have had these before and they last for decades, very sturdy mechanism.The only thing is that it may not look pretty for long.
Instead, just try to clean it as soon as you are able to remove the cake.
I got a good deal on the pan so I don't mind that it may not win a beauty contest.
This pan came quickly and was well packaged.
I have had none of the problems that I read in the reviews.
It works perfectly and although I've not put it in the dishwasher I've had no problem with rust and I've used it several times already.
I just wash it as soon as I'm done using it and then dry it right away.
The quality of this pan was much better than I expected for the low price.
I made my very first no bake cheesecake with this wonderful  10 x 2 Kaiser Springform pan.
I sprayed the sides and used parchment paper on the bottom.
I was worried that my cake would stick; well it did not stick at all.
The cheesecake popped out with ease and it was beautiful and delicious.
This pan turns out a very nice size cheesecake for entertaining.
I'm an avid baker, lots of cheesecakes! I have probably 7 springform pans in different sizes, high end companies & a couple cheaper brands.
I have to admit, this is the first one than not only baked superbly, it also cleaned up like a breeze.
In a couple of mine, the crust of the cakes frequently &#34;cakes&#34; up in that groove where the disc meets the wrap around part.
I just ran hot water around that groove and the solids just popped right out.
They wash well in the dishwasher and like I said, bake phenomenally.
I think the positives may be due to the shiny material.
Looks like I will be replacing my other 7 going forward.
My mistake was the height of the pan.
I should have ordered a 3&#34; deep pan.
None the less it worked great with a little adjustment on my part.
The sides released welll and the cheesecake lifted from the base with no problems.
I like the pan and would recommend it.
This thermometer has been good to me for oven use, and was my first one.
I loved being able to set a timer and do other things without worrying about checking the meat all the time.
I'm going to try the Webber probe for my grilling, and hopefully it will live up to it's 500 degree maximum.
I purchased one of these when I hosted my first Thanksgiving two years ago.
It has gotten me through four Turkeys, and an uncountable number of other large pieces of meat.
It's so nice to be able to put something in the oven and walk away until that shrill beep brings you back.
I purchased mine at a Restaurant Supply Store in Seattle, which does sell replacement probes.
Also don't let the cord or probe body touch oven elements, racks or pans.
If using in a grill, don't put the probe in the food until near the time when you think it will be done.
I've only used it once so far, but it worked fantastic.
Cool product!  It's a great timer besides the thermometer.
I was wondering why my probe went up to 177 degrees all of a sudden.
Apparently, it was because I submerged it in water.
400F seems to be the extreme max according to the packaging, but > 392F will deteriorate the life span faster, says the instructions.
I've seen it go as low as 39F for refridgerated water; it could probably handle lower.
There's a switch on the bottom to measure in Celcius.
392F may be low for some people, so be warned.
I haven't compared it to another thermometer/probe, so I don't know how calibrated it is, but it seems to be reasonable for my purposes.
For those of you without metal oven doors like me, it rests nicely on the countertop.
I do find the wire a bit gangly.
Oh, and the alarm is loud (which can be good or bad).
Then I broke the silly thing permanently when I dropped it to the floor while cooking.
(I proceeded to destroy another analog dial probe forgetting that not all probes are made alike - the face melted in the oven.
It was never meant to be kept inside the oven.
I got spoiled with the Pyrex.) I never realized how much I relied on this thing until it was gone.Our Pyrex probe was awesome.
It did exactly what we wanted it to do.
I like how the alarm goes off when it reaches the temperature you desire.
And because the main unit stays outside the oven, I don't have to worry about opening the door and letting the heat out.
My foods never came out undercooked when I used the probe to the temperatures I needed.
But it's not enough to make me not want to buy another Pyrex probe.
In fact, I think I'm going to buy this also as part of a wedding gift.
It's been used for both indoors and outdoors cooking - and it's been left out in the rain several times (thanks, hubby).
It gets flaky a bit after getting wet (no kidding) but comes out like a champ when it dries.
Still haven't had the need to replace it.
I've been using a digital oven probe thermometer for several years now.
It's a must-have and provides peace of mind for newbies and the most seasoned cooks.
I love that I can use the countdown timer when not using the probe.
My previous digital oven probe did not have that feature and it didn't have an on/off switch.
It came on when the probe was plugged into the base unit.
I often left the probe plugged in only to find dead batteries the next time I went to use it.
Conveniently the Pyrex has an on/off switch.I highly recommend getting one but with a few caveats.
Just wash the tip with soap and water or use a gentle scrubbing pad.
Probes are hard to replace and almost as expensive as the original cost when you add s&h.;One place on amazon sells them for $10.
I just replace the entire unit.My older unit displayed wrong temps and poor/scrambled read-out displays when the probe wire was wet.
This also protects the cord from becoming a cat toy if you have a cat.
Cats and dogs are scavengers and they can smell food particles on the cord.
That can be costly and you end up with many units but only one working probe.
You might repair chewed up cords but their accuracy will be affected.
How did I live without it? I ate mostly overcooked food!Which is to say, I've not had a problem with it so far!.
I don't take any extra special care of it and this product has worked perfectly every time.
Gave as a gift to my families' kitchens last year - great and inexpensive gift - perfect for every kitchen.
I have this timer, the CDN big display timer (TM23-S), and the AMCO double digit timer.
The CDN is poorly laid out for setting the clock etc.
but at least has direct input for the numbers.
this is not a big advantage for me.
The CDN and AMCO are too bulky.I would gladly trade the AMCO plus the CDN for one Pryex.
For aging folks like me, or for younger but farsighted folks: this thing is SMALL.
Get out the granny glasses &amp; be careful about the twitchy old fingers, lolol.
In spite of all that, I'm ordering another one of these very handy timers.
Wouldn't recommend (nor would the manufacturer recommend, I'm sure) dropping this gadget on a concrete floor then stepping on it.
but as I said, it really IS a bit too small.
I have had this timer for maybe 4 years.
It is handy for more things than you would expect.
It is true that the beep is not very loud.
I have dropped it several times on linoleum, and innumerable times on carpeting, and it has never broken.
I find it very easy to use.The four different alarm settings are very useful if you're cooking more than one thing at the same time.
I chose this little timer because of the Pyrex name.
I was disappointed when it arrived -- I thought it would be larger.
Then I used it and fell in love.
I have an old, old oven with a dial timer that is murder to set.
This little guy was easy to set and has a cheerful chirpy little alarm.
bought this years ago and it's still sittin on my desk right in front of me, used nearly daily.
4 different timers on it, which I've used for different ebay auctions sometimes.
this has just been a seriously useful little thing for us.
I had been considering several metal measuring cup sets but ended up trying these.
Lexan is an excellent choice of material for the kitchen and gives the cups a quality feel.
The tapered sides and generous radius on bottom edge make for easy hand washing.
The halfway line molded into every size (no markings to rub off)  is extremely thoughtful and my favorite feature.
In the past, to measure 1/4 cup of orange juice I would fill a 1/4 cup to the brim and it would end up overflowing.
If there is one thing that is not perfect, it's the hook that's provided to hang the cups with.
They have a 2/3 and a 3/4 cup size, I hate having to do two 1/3 cups or a 1/2 and a 1/4.
And each cup has a halfway mark line which is very handy, esp for the 1/4 cup showing a 1/8 cup.
Perfect when you have to halve a recipe.
I've recommended these to everyone.UPDATE: I've now had these for 8 years and just today I marveled again how great they are.
They are only slightly scuffed and still the half markings and see-throughness make them awesome.
As Sylvia stated above, pouring lips are really the only thing that would improve this set.
All other reviews indicate how great this set is and I have to concur.
Even the paddle for hanging the set works just fine for me.
Okay maybe one suggestion:  I think the taper could be a little less.
If the bases were a little wider, they would be more stable.
Only one thing left desired in this set of measuring cups: no spout for pouring or lip to make it easier to scoop up flour/sugar.
Others have remarked that they were too thin but they seem to be the ideal weight to me.
I'm enjoying mine for salads but they will work well as a serving utensil, too, for breads or cookies, etc.
I use them all the time, mainly for salad.
I am so glad I ordered this, as I use it all the time to serve many foods at the table.
I like it better than a meat fork for sliced roast and chicken, and it's a good salad server - just the right size.
I sometimes grab it for cooking, too, when a long narrow cooking tongs is too much.
I found nothing else quite like it and I'm very pleased with my purchase.
You can add a cherry garnish in this martini if you like.
Useful,m good quality and at the same time pleasent to the eyes.
The high gloss finish looks classy and is easy to take care of.
I like my Martinis, Manhattans, etc, cold--I keep it in the freezer and when called to duty it performs at a 100 percent level.
I do not know what more I could ask of it.
(Well engineered--the three parts fit together perfectly and it looks good too.).
We bought this popcorn popper 6 months ago, and it is used every night in our house.
It has performed flawlessly!  If anything ever happened to it, I would buy another one immediately.
My 10 yo kids can run this and clean it themselves.
They think it's fun, and it's healthier than teflon-coated microwave popcorn.
I recommend using coconut oil with this for best flavor that's also healthier than butter.
If you don't think microwave or air popped corn is the real thing, this is the best popper around.
Only realize that they don't last forever (we get about 5-6 years out of ours with heavy use).
Also, this latest version has a different shaped bowl which is inferior to the previous one which was flat on the bottom and more stable.
So we just use our old one which fits perfectly on the base.
The result is a *much* higher percentage of popped corn in comparison to microwaved varieties as well as the homemade kind on the stove top.
I had *perfect* movie popcorn in about 3-4 minutes.
We had maybe 4-5 kernels that didn't pop...everything else came out perfectly, and I only use bulk-bin popcorn from Whole Foods (no gourmet, or anything).
I just received this popper and gave it a test run.
I agree with the reviewer  that said to check the stirring wand to make sure it doesn't rub the non-stick finish.
This would address the complaints that some others have expressed.
My only negative comment would be that the bowl could have been made a little more sturdy, other than that it's great.
I choose this while looking for a Whirley Popper.
The Stir Crazy seems more durable and easier to use.
glad I got this one!West Bend 82306X Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popperot.
The West Bend Stir Crazy popcorn popper is the best electric popcorn popper on the market, in my opinion, and I've owned others.
I bought one at Target about three years ago.
Somehow the cord got separated from the popcorn popper (a word to the wise.
I'll find that cord one day and then I'll have two popcorn poppers:-)  The West Bend Stir Crazy Popcorn Popper makes great popcorn.
I prefer it over the air popper I used to use before switching to the Stir Crazy.
It really doesn't get any simpler than that.I've read that other people have had problems with their machines breaking after one or two uses.
The bowl is simple enough, but the machine obviously can't be submerged in water.
We love popcorn, and this baby is great.
A cup of corn and this this is a hit.
It's our go to snack when friends are over to play.
Kids never seem to tire of watching it...kinda like the old jiffy pop space thingy.
Easy to clean and yummy popcorn every time.
The cords go bad, the plastic cover will crack and become wobbly but the popcorn is delicious.
I do think that West Bend has upped their workmanship on this particular model.
The plastic cover doesn't seem to be as hard, and in my mind may not crack around the seal like the previous models.
Regardless, i would replace before finding a different popper.
I probably would like to see the &#34;after-care&#34; of the popper made easier.
My sense is that never put/run water over the metal cooker.
Damp soapy cloth to remove the clutter, rinse cloth and repeat until surface is clean.
This may be my fifth because i tried to run water over the metal cooking surface? Nothing seals the electric wiring inside from the moisture.
It pops fast and will pop all the kernel's.
Love the fact that you can use the bowl to eat out of.
The butter drip works well and the popper is easy to clean.
The kids will love it and it makes the house smell good.
I question why I ever used microwave popcorn before.
This popper allows me to make super easy and cheap delicious popcorn in minutes.
I have found this easy to use and it makes great popcorn.
The only thing I don't like is the "butter dispenser" thing.
I melt the butter separately in the microwave (yeah they're good for something) and drizzle on afterwards.
This is a product we had when our children were young.
We were working overseas for several years and left it in Asia for friends.
I have not seen it in stores, so ordered it through Amazon.
It helps us make healthier popcorn (than making it in a microwave) and it is easy to use and clean-up is quick as well.
The popped corn is fluffy, just about all the kernels pop, and at the two-quart level, the job is done within four minutes.
And I can wipe the non-stick surface clean.
I was desperate for a solution, and the &#34;pot&#34; corn didn't taste that good, either.
We love our pop corn popper, so much tastier and healthier then the microwaveable bags of popcorn.
Stir Crazy I have purchased/owned, having purchased the 2nd one based on the great performance of the 1st one purchased years ago.
In between, we tried a hot air popper (The Warden wanted me to eat healthier.
Someone had donated a used "Movie Theater" style popcorn maker and the idea of using it appealed to me.
Appealed that is until the person who had made popcorn in it the year before had the fire dept.
show up twice because the smoke from the burnt popcorn set off the fire alarm.
The thought of the FD showing up was pretty intimidating.
It became apparent to me why is was donated in short order.
I tried it twice and wasted 2 cups of unpopped corn for every cup it made, trying to prevent the alarm from going off.
They did.I purchased one from Amazon.com and had it in short order.
I have used it for the entire school year, making 4 to 8 batches every Friday except for the Holidays.
I use Orville's Buttery Oil and popcorn exclsively.
The Stir Crazy is now made in China instead of Wisconsin and the lid is now frail.
Being careful with is is the order of the day.
I'm ordering a replacement lid as the school year is over.
This will prevent any IED's from surprising you!.
This was a replacement for one like it that lasted for about 15 years.
I looks and works almost like the orginal I bought back then.
I bought this after having popcorn made at a friend's house.
It makes fabulous popcorn if you use white popcorn.
I tried Orville Redenbacher in it, and the popcorn was good but mildly tough.
I then bought a store brand of white popcorn and all I can say is WOW...what a difference.
I highly recommend you try this popcorn popper with white popcorn.
It makes all the difference in the world.
I used 2 tablespoons oil and 2/3 cup of white popcorn seeds and it made a full batch.
If the popcorn is in too deep of a bowl, it doesn't crisp up as much as it cools.
This did not happen when I used the store brand white popcorn seeds.
The popcorn is far superior to either air popped popcorn or microwave popcorn.
Nothing beats the fun of a real popcorn in action, and the taste is the best.
Well designed, both top and cover go in washing machine just fine.
Stirrer makes things a bit easier than those without the feature.
I bought one of these poppers after, getting fed-up with crummy tasting microwave popcorn (Styrofoam popcorn).
As a kid, I was the designated popper/chef at 15 in our house, so I KNOW the good Stuff from crappola.
I used lard, and Jolly-Time seeds, and real butter, and salt.
Animal Fat, and all that bad fat and stuff.Once bought a "Healthy" hot air popper, threw it in the trash after 2 batches.
But the results are: Too greasy, and way too salty.
Also the bags have some sort of toxic residue inside when microwaved, and then there are the preservatives.
Bought a Stir-Crazy after reading about 60 or 70 reviews at Amazon, and ordered one.
BEFORE I filled with seeds, I plugged it in to see if I had one with stirrer problems.
The stirrer pedestal rotated unevenly, causing the stirrer bar to scrape every half-rotation.
Tweeking the bar was no good, the pedestal was rotating unevenly.
I requested a Replacement, and got it in 3 days.
It mechanically functioned OK, so I put in the Orville R.
Very Greasy, many seeds not fully popped, and as chewy as Cracker Jack popcorn.
After 4 more attempts, (not the same night), trying different oil amounts.
I was beginning to believe the Amazon POSITIVE reviews were Bogus Corporate plants by the company that made the popper.
But I saw Jolly-Time WHITE popcorn seeds in a bag, not in a Gourmet jar like Orville's.
Bought the seeds, took them home and tried them.
Fluffy, tasty white popcorn, with minimal oil, and had used minimal seeds.
The seeds are actually a little smaller than Orville's seeds, but pop up bigger than his did.
And this popcorn melted in my mouth, like the good ol tasty Jolly-Time Lard cooked popcorn I remembered as a kid.
It wasn't the popper, or the oil that messed up my original results, it was the seeds.
(They also have YELLOW, but I haven't tried that one yet.)  I don't know how long this machine will last.
The reviews were mixed about that, but reviews leaned more toward long life.
There IS a difference from Microwave, in taste.
And there is that questionable toxic-bag safety factor.
And if you are health conscious, you can reduce the buttery oil, and STILL enjoy a light buttery taste.
And price-wise, Home/machine popped popcorn is way cheaper than microwave.
Jolly-Time popcorn is only 2 bucks a bag.
And I bet I can make easily 18 6-quart batches from one bag.
(I bought the 6 quart capacity machine.) Once you try it, you won't go back to microwave.
Just make sure you get the right seeds.
By the way....don't melt butter in the top.
It affects the popped results of the popcorn adversely.
But if you prefer more buttery taste, melt it in the microwave, and pour on AFTER the popcorn is transferred to the bowl.
I think you will be very happy with your choice.
And with Amazon's quick Return Policy, you can't lose.
They seem to really WANT you to be happy with your purchase.
I may try other brands of seeds too.
I've had this for a couple of years.
It works great and makes amazing popcorn every time.
I purchase these as gifts for people who've visited and love my popcorn.
I recently discovered "coconut oil" and its a great way to pop corn with this popper.
I bought many different poppers,  as I do not like microwave popcorn.
I got a much more expensive one and although it looked cute, it only made a small amt.
It was also a real pain to clean.
Use coconut oil & flavacol and you will have "Movie theater style" popcorn.
Very nice, not always consist when  making  p0pcorn, But a good  price and a handy top to serve it in.
If you love popcorn then you have to get one of these.
It makes the best popcorn especially if you are good at your popcorn recipe.
Amazon reminds me I bought this unit in 2006.
It still works perfectly, but here are some  points to consider.
First of all I never leave the black butter tray on the top when the popping is in progress.
The steam needs to get out to get the crispest possible result.
It's still not quite as crisp as microwave popcorn, but does a good job of popping all the kernels into big fluffy pieces.
I prefer emptying it out into a wooden bowl.
Cleanup is usually just wiping it out with a paper towel after it's cooled.
When it's plugged in it begins heating immediately and the arm starts going around.
It doesn't go fast, just enough to stir the corn as it pops.
I never bother to measure, just look for a single layer of kernels spreading out on the cooking surface.
It pops into the corn and flavors it nicely.
If drizzling butter on afterward is still important to you, I heat the butter in the microwave and pore it on separately.
The butter holder in the top isn't as effective in my opinion.
It's consistent, reliable and simple--and still working perfectly after six years.
Although the popped corn could be a bit crisper, it's good enough that I will stick with this popper and am very satisfied with it.
Great entertainment for my 3 year old too.
Only negative is the amount of time it takes to clean up.
West Bend 82306 Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper.
We had on a long time ago and it was good.
I planted popcorn in my garden but it is not ready to pop.
We bought this to replace our older Cuisinart Popcorn popper.
Not only was it half the price but actually does a better job popping with hardly any unpopped popcorn.
It also allows us to pop more at one time than the Cuisinart did.
The stirring arm on the floor of this popper keeps the kernels moving continually so they don't stick and burn, even after being popped.
We used years old popcorn we raised ourselves, and there were only two &#34;old maids&#34;.
We don't add butter, but the compartment in the top melts it so you can have it if you want.
it's quick, and easy, and best of all, the lid can become the bowl.
My husband is a popcorn freak, especially during football season, and our old one was just "worn out".
He doesn't like air popped or the microwave packs and this was the upgrade from the one previously used.
The stir rod is nice--very few old maids.
I am a popcorn nut, always striving to make the perfect popcorn.
I special order movie theater popcorn from someplace in Idaho just to get the best.
I have neither the money nor the space for a commercial corn popper (even the home versions of these are big and hundreds of dollars).
When I read about the West Bend Stir Crazy, I had to try it.
I can honestly say it makes the best home popped popcorn I have ever had.
First of all, because of the stirring rod it requires significantly less oil, which is healthier.
It pops a big batch very quickly and with almost no kernels left unpopped.
I have even used grocery store popcorn on occasion with similar results.The machine is very easy to clean.
I have had mine for a year and a half and it is still in excellent condition.
I find that the vents on top do not melt the butter fast enough so I microwave my butter.
The price may seem high, but it's worth it.
This is our third purchase of the West Bend Stir Crazy popper.
The first one we used so much that after years of use the motor just died.
There was no question that our replacement would be the same unit.This unit is great- consistent and easy to use and to clean.
I put in my oil and popcorn, plug it in and go.
You will have a full bowl of popcorn.
I don't know that I have ever had unpopped corn.
That is a personal preference though.Some reviewers say the coating of the unit comes off.
We make popcorn a couple times a week and love this unit.
For the money, you will get a great product that will keep you in perfectly made popcorn for years to come!.
If you are tired of all taste the same micro popped corn and want to get a true popper than this unit is for you.
The Stir Crazy leaves almost no unpopped kernels every time we use it.
The small amount of time spent cleaning up ANY oil popper is well worth the bonus of great tasting popcorn.
The Stir Crazy heats up and starts popping your corn in a very short amount of time.
I recently replaced an Orville Redenbacher Popcorn Popper which I owned for over a year with this Stir Crazy unit.
Quite honestly, both poppers are so similar that they might be interchangeable except for their logos.Operation is easy.
An arm rotates at the bottom of the popper which distributes the popcorn and effectively eliminates the need to shake the popcorn in hot oil.
It is not submersible so I use dampened paper towels to clean and dry the unit.
Because they are made of a hard plastic the bowls seem to be predisposed to hairline cracks.
This unit's bowl already shows fracturing as did my old popper.
The bowl just isn't particularly durable even when it is gently hand washed.
This might not be a huge issue if the bowl wasn't essential to operation.
I've used this popcorn popper just once so far, and it was very easy and straightforward to use and to clean up afterwards.
I've never been a fan of the taste of microwave popcorn so am always looking for a good popper.
Since this is so easy to use, pops quickly, and provides good results, I'll be using it for awhile.
I cannot say enough nice things about this corn popper! It is hands down THE best corn popper I've ever used.
We've had one of these things for year.
And honestly, I really cannot recommend anything else.
Great, great item, used it for years, and am planning on buying another.
I got this back in December, & use it every day.
At first I had unacceptable results with too many unpopped kernels, but that was from using oil that was out of date.
As another reviewer said, it's a good idea to let it warm up while getting & measuring out your oil & popcorn.
One thing I would say is be careful not to put too much butter in the well on top.
While the steam from popping melts it so it drops on the popcorn, too much liquid causes the popcorn to shrivel up.
Just tip it to drain the bowl  first then clean the well area.
Just popped our first batch after this beauty arrived from Amazon.
The 5 star reviews are correct: this thing makes fantastic popcorn.
Air popped popcorn is like chewey cardboard in comparison.We just popped 4 quarts of crisp, fluffy popcorn without a single unpopped kernel.
And we use the plain Safeway brand popcorn! (no additives).This product is a winner.
We bought a microwave popcorn popper that did not work very good.
This pops nearly all of the popcorn up.
An excellent oil popper that will last at least 10 years if it performs as well as my last one.
Use i quite often and my granddaughters love to watch it pop.
First let me address the review about the Teflon wearing off.
However we were just given a new popper a few months ago and the Teflon seemed thicker.
We go through mass quantities of popcorn for two people but in two months it hasn't started to wear so maybe they fixed this now.
The last popper we had that wore off it started right away.
And yes you are right, that isn't good for you so I was hesitant in using this one.
I know that West Bend is no longer really `West Bend'.
The company was sold and is no longer in West Bend Wisconsin.
Maybe a change was made then.The thing is it makes the very best tasting popcorn anywhere and is so easy to use.
We have used this type of popper for at least 10 years, probably closer to 15 or 20 years.
Our first unit quit working last year so we bought another and it works great and just the same.
We use it about 1 x week on the average and it pops all of the kernels, as it stirs as it pops.
You will be less likely to break a tooth.
It is very easy to prepare, use, and clean.
That top still fits this new base but this top is clear and is shaped more like a funnel.
If you stick with the same item (popcorn popper, blender, etc.) you might be able to use the same parts (I notice).
Highly recommended to anyone that wants to make popcorn quick and easy, and if a problem occurs I would buy it again.
I bought this hoping the quality was still good for this unit.
Popped every kernel and I hope it lasts!Use a paper grocery bag to dump the popped corn in and add butter salt and shake.
Be advised all metal parts that directly contact the coating will wear the coating out in that spot.
My 20 year old one did the same thing.
I could melt it and when it is almost done...pour it in where the butter would sit.
I would give this five stars if I didn't have to clean it.
It takes longer to clean than to make popcorn.
I got the theater type oil and topping and the gourmet corn to go with it and it made a great combination.
I was eating popcorn before the UPS guy got out of the driveway.
I purchased this to replace my Whirley Pop I have had for over a year because my boyfriend stole it.
Once he had real popcorn he couldn't go back to microwave but he's too cheap to purchase his own.
Anyhow, I read the reviews, all the bad ones as well, and still made my purchase and I am glad I did.
The popcorn popped up with little to no old maids and that's a huge plus.
My only gripe is the Orville Redenbacher's White Popcorn I purchased but it's not the poppers fault.
I give this a five and recommend to everyone!.
I grew up with one of these and was finally able to convince her to get one.
She hasn't had air popped since.It is simple to prepare: 2 Tbs of any oil (corn, olive, butter, whatever) to 1 cup popcorn.
It pops popcorn quickly and we have never once had a batch that was even a little burned.
If you like butter on your popcorn then it has a section on the top of the bowl where you can put solid butter.
The steam will melt it evenly onto the popcorn as it pops.
To clean up bottom just wipe the oil out.
The top can go in the dishwasher.One thing to keep in mind, the bowl top is plastic and it will not last forever.
Pros: popcorn pops lightning fast, in less than 5 minutes for even a large batch.
It also never burns a single kernel, and leaves relatively few unpopped.
Very easy to clean, with a smooth non-stick finish on the base.
Instruction manual is quite vague, and determining how much and what kind of popcorn to use at one time is a try-and-see ordeal.
This corn popper works quickly and leaves no un- popped kernels.
Since it only requires a tablespoon of oil, it is a healthy snack.I would buy this again.
This is the best corn popper I have ever had, it works good and the corn is much better than the micro oven type.
Most of the kernels pop, even with cheap store brand popcorn.
Am glad West Bend didn't try to improve something that already is perfect.
Even the quality  has not deteriorated that much from 15 years ago.
Had the Sun Beam for over 10  years and the Teflon finally came off.
The thumb screw that holds the metal rod needs to be removed and cleaned too each time you use it or it could harbor bacteria.
My trick to making a perfect batch is to add the oil and preheat it with one kernel in it.
When that pops, add the rest of the corn and put the cover on.
The instructions say to add the  oil and corn at the same time.
Ive always preheated the oil even in pan popping.
Regardless, you will have a perfect batch of popcorn in a matter of seconds, and clean up is quick and easy.
just don't forget to keep the stirring rod and the thumb screw clean too.
I did subtract one star because the power cord is just a bit too short for me.
A little longer and it would be easier to place on the counter top.
This works great as the base of my coffee roaster.
I really like how the arms turn the opposite way when they face too much resistance.
I wish that they replaced some of the plastic parts with metal parts.
My daughter loves to watch it work, and so do I.
But the important point is that it makes great popcorn.
No burn popcorn, not too greasy, just tasty stuff.
A bar we visited on our Caribbean vacation made popcorn every night during happy hour and used a popper similar to this one.
The popcorn was so good (along with the island rum!) that as soon as we got home, we bought this one.
It works great and the popcorn tastes like we remember as kids.
It has a rotating arm that ensures all the kernels pop.
It is large, so it takes up a fair amount of room in the cupboard.
West Bend's "Stir Crazy" is the way to make popcorn.
In a few minutes the popcorn comes out light, with very little unpopped or burnt.
Butter can be placed in the top or butter oil can give the flavor.
We have tried other methods, but none match up.
Works great, is so much cheaper to use this than to keep buying the microwave bags, pops up light and fluffy.
We could not live without our popper....that is our snack each week.
We would never eat processed microwave popcorn, so this is perfect for us.
Since my husband's heart attack and since we learned how to reverse his type 2 diabetes, we avoid *all* food chemicals as much as possible.
We both loved popcorn, but we tossed out the door the chemical laden microwave convenience popping brands.
The past few years we've used theNordic Ware 60120 Microwaver Popcorn Popper 12 Cupand were satisfied.
Once we went through the hassle of replacing our over the range microwave, my husband admitted popping popcorn was very hard on a microwave.
So we were again on the search for a healthful solution to having our favorite healthy snack - popcorn! without destroying our microwave.
I had experienced the delicious popcorn at a friends house, but had never tried one myself.
It came out amazing!  We simply added a small amount of sugar to the above ingredients.
There are a number of other recipes in the West Bend Popper manual that we still intend to try.
We also add a bit of sea salt (good source of trace minerals!) for perfectly flavored popcorn, every time.
I bought one of these a few weeks ago.
I've been using some of the cheapest popcorn I could buy and so far it's popped almost 100% of the kernels.
I've never used a popper that was so efficient.
Right around 5 minutes all the kernels pop during the next 45 seconds and  then it's done.
It is very fast which made it easy to switch from the microwave.
The butter is almost all melted by the time the popcorn is done and the continuous stirring action rotates it so it spreads rather evenly.
Just put on the cover over the butter melter and turn over and it's ready to eat.
It's certainly not the cheapest popcorn popper out there but it works very well.
Even though it uses oil, it's not enough that it leaves it tasting greasy.
I would buy one again.Tip - the stirring rod is removable for cleaning.
Make sure you don't over tighten it or it might grind against the non-stick surface.
Just replaced my last stir crazy with this one........I had my other one for about 8 years.
It's typical to get no more than a tablespoon or less of unpopped kernels.
The popcorn turns out perfectly done, from the earliest to the last popped.
If you look at the photo, the disc on the top is a removable cover; under there is an indention with multiple holes.
You can take butter or margarine and spread it around when you set the machine up.
If I hand-wash it, it always feels a little greasy.
The bottom, heating part of the appliance is nonstick; you simply wipe it out with a soapy dishrag or paper towel.
Couldn't be easier.This appliance is light in weight and fits fine in one of my overhead cabinets.
Tried air poppers; blech, styrofoam pellets would taste about as good.
Microwave corn; too much salt and &quot;butter&quot; in the packets, plus they cost a lot.
Popping in a saucepan on the stove; horrible to clean afterwards and it burns.
Microwave poppers; don't get me started.THIS is the one.
And the  touch of oil used in the popping makes the popcorn taste wonderful.
We sometimes use olive oil for a special taste treat.
Anyway you pop it, this is a great device.
To use the bowl, pop the corn without the black lid on top.
When the popcorn is just done popping, wisk off the lid (and watch the last kernals that pop fly about) with a paper towel.
Quickly wipe the steam out of the bowl with the paper towel, put the bowl back over the popcorn, and flip.
These things last forever and truly make popcorn better than anything else I have tried.
I would eat it everyday if I could, and this is my favorite popcorn popper.
With fresh popcorn it will pop almost all of the kernels and, the plastic dome works great as a bowl.
My husband is a huge fan of this popper.
Thanks West Bend for many, many bowls of delicious popcorn.
It doesn't take much oil, and that helps us keep it a bit more healthy!.
Pops a large batch for when we have the grand kids over.
I like it lots better than the hot air poppers.
We already have a West Bend Popcorn Popper that has worked well for 3 years now.
Last week we transported the popper, popcorn and popcorn salt to our daughters house  to stay with our two young grand-daughters for an evening.
They loved the experience and were fascinated watching the corn "POP".
This Popper will be a Secret Santa gift for them along with their own labeled jar of Popcorn and special shaker of Popcorn Salt.
We can't wait for them to open their gift.[[ASIN:B00004RC6R West Bend 82306 Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper)).
But recently, my kids have decided that they really love popcorn.
You put your oil and popcorn kernels in the base, put the lid on top, and plug it in.
A little metal rod inside turns round slowly, evenly distributing the kernels and preventing any from sticking and burning.
First the bowl gets all steamy, then the kids start asking if it's ever going to pop, and within minutes, it's popping away.
When popping, it's at the top (where the black lid is).
Theoretically, you put your butter there while the popcorn is popping and it melts into the popcorn as you go.
And then flipping the bowl, even with the lid securely in place, we've never been able to use this reservoir without the butter dripping.
Still, it's easy enough to just melt our butter in the microwave or on the stovetop.
When popcorn is popped using coconut oil it taste just like the movie theater, I could not be happier.
The Stir Crazy does such an excellent job!  Air popped popcorn lacks &quot;soul&quot;.
This is the second one of these I have had.
I love popcorn and I bought this because of all the great reviews.
I tried going back to microwave popcorn for awhile, but it doesn't taste as good.
Making it stove-top still tastes great, but it's more work.
Overall, this is a great buy and would make a wonderful Christmas present for a family that doesn't have one.
This popcorn popper is, hands down, the best popper I've owned.
It's easy to use, easy to clean, takes no more than 5 minutes to pop a batch of popcorn,and the popcorn comes out tasting delicious.
What's also great is that it will automatically melt your butter and drip it over your popcorn as the kernels pop.
The popper's dome top doubles as a serving bowl.
My kids get an absolute kick out of watching the kernels pop.
If you're in the market for a popcorn popper, this is definitely the one to get.
you do not need to add anything....makes a complete bowl full - do not get the 6 oz.
The last time I owned a Stir Crazy was over ten years ago.
I got tired of all the Old Maids I was getting from micro wave popcorn.
So I came back to the Stir Crazy and I am glad I did.
I seldom if ever, see Old Maids anymore.
Just tried my new one and besides the cosmetic changes, lid and wand shape; it works just as great.
It did take maybe 1"-2" longer than my old one to pop.
I had no kernels though left in the popped corn.
The motor is sooo quite compared to my 20yo unit.The main problem is there were No Instructions included in the box.
Not a biggie for me since I already have my 20yo one sitting here (has a cracked bowl).
Just went to their website to make sure there were no major changes.
I bought this for a gift, but i liked it so much i kept it for myself.
Be sure to wash lid/bowl right away, or it's hard to keep clean.
This is a great popcorn popper for non-home use, but cleaning it is a bit of a pain.
The top/bowl can be washed in the dishwasher (without heat drying), but the bottom &quot;popper&quot; has to be carefully hand washed.
Everything still feels greasy even after multiple washings.
Another problem is typical of electronic equipment; the popper was recently brushed off the counter and broke.
The same has happened to the Whirly Pop and all it did was bend a little.
The Stir Crazy makes really good popcorn, but so does the Whirly Pop so I'll just stick with it.
We only use this popcorn popper when we have company over.
It was a gift as we usually just make it in the microwave in a brown paper bag.
It makes good popcorn, being able to use the lid as a bowl is nice and clean up is easy.
Haven't had any problems with it and we have had it a year or so, probably use it once a week.
More suited to a larger family I would think.
Since we have had good luck with it, I would recommend it.
This popcorn popper is perfect, especially if you have kids, entertain kids or just like to watch the science unfold.
We use one half the oil called for in the manual and it still makes excellent popcorn.
When it stops popping I quickly slap the plastic lid on and turn the entire popper upside down and then unplug the cord.
Even moving quickly the oil will be smoking before I can unplug it.
It was a gift for my daughter, and she LOVES it.
I ate some of the popcorn, and I love it, too.
:-) I did lots of research before choosing this West Bend popper for her, but it paid off.
The kids had a great time with this popcorn maker.
However, since it was well-loved it only lasted a few years before breaking.
Even the dog gets a kick out of it!Be sure to follow the suggestion to put very, very small pats of butter on top.
Larger pats will not melt in time.We have drawers in our kitchen for our lower cabinets.
I simply place the popcorn bowl under the heating unit and it fits with room to spare.
They eventually either quit heating or quit stirring,but that's at least after 2 to 3 years of use.
Make really good popcorn and the top is the serving dish.
I like this popper, easy to use easy to clean, nice crisp popcorn.
tried using the opening in top but makes popcorn a little tougher..I really do like the crisp corn without the butter.
Bought this popper to replace one just like it that we've used for years.
Part of the older one's rim broke off so thought we'd get another.
The old one still works fine, but we have a spare and cannot say how great this product is.
Try using olive oil instead of the Orville Reddenbacker (sp) product and the popcorn is even better.
This popper makes great popcorn with most all of the kernels popping.
It is easier to melt butter in the microwave and pour it over the finished popcorn.
The lid washes nicely in the top rack of the dishwasher (water temp 150 with no drying heater).
The popper itself is a bit awkward to clean.
It would be nice of the popper bottom would lift off the heating element for easier washing.
We use gourmet type corn and it pops up large and fluffy.
We use this popcorn maker several times a month.
I forgot how tasty freshly popped corn can be.
It is much tastier than microwave popcorn.Cleaning the popcorn maker is a little bit tedious since it cannot be submerged in water.
I use a sudsy wet paper towel to clean it.
Have used this for popcorn and for roasting coffee beans.
It's great for the latter because of the continuous stirring.
This popcorn maker was exactly what I was looking for! It pops corn quickly and is extremely easy to use.
I guess the biggest drawback for me is that the instructions recommend hand washing the bowl and the other parts inside.
I would really love to put it in the dishwasher, but don't want to ruin it so I've been hand washing it every time.
Other than that, I use organic coconut oil just because it's supposed to be better for you than other oils.
I use the same recommended quantities and it never burns or sticks.
Love this popcorn maker and have been using it probably ever other day or so for 3 months now.
Still works great and the nonstick surface isn't scratched as other reviews have stated.
Not sure if they've updated their materials or something, but I haven't had any issues! (yet)Hope this helps! Enjoy!.
I am a popcorn lover, from a family of popcorn lovers, and trust me this is the One to buy.
It is close to the fluffiness of an air pop, but has a little bit of the crunchiness of a stove-top model.
I debated over getting this for a while, but once I did the only regret I had was not getting it sooner!.
I read all the reviews for the other poppers, as well as the deluxe Stir Crazy and decided to stick with the basic model.
I have used it several times now, using one tablespoon of coconut oil to pop the corn and Bob's Red Mill white popcorn.
It does a fantastic job, leaves no unpopped kernels and my family couldn't be happier.
We make popcorn nearly every night, a minimum of 150 days a year.
This popper does an adequate job without burning the kernels.
Once the towel is dry that means the moisture is absorbed, and you keep it in the fridge so it doesn't dry out or mold.
I find it difficult to get all of the kernels to pop.
The quality of the popcorn is quite good.
If I keep the popper going longer than the directions indicate, most of the kernels will pop without burning the popcorn.
I got this because I missed having fresh popcorn from my days of employment in a movie theater.
If you don't want to shell out the hundreds needed to get the big popcorn cart with the stainless popper, then this is great.
Just add your oil and popcorn and plug it in.
Cleanup can be cumbersome, but the popcorn always tastes great.
Decided we would pop our own, the amount we wanted and season to our liking, but we no longer had a popper.
After searching the web we decided on this one.
Very pleased with our decision and would reccommend to anyone.
Bar didn't drag, it does take a little longer than an air popper.
This is a little bigger than you may expect.
Greasy bottom and greasy top and an arm to get gunk and oil out of is a pain.
This is the second one I've owned after a former roommate sent the old one flying across the kitchen.
The older one used more metal parts and had what I personally believe to be a better build quality.
With that said, I have had no problems with the newer one.
I've been using it for several years now and the wife and I love popcorn.
Therefore, it gets heavy regular use and has stood up to that use surprisingly well.
We have used this popper quite a bit and just love it.
We make carmel corn for the holidays as gifts and this was just perfect.
I've had one of these for over 4 years.
I've used it fairly heavily and it still works.
The bowl is cracked, but that doesn't really affect anything, other than that it's in great shape.
This thing is amazing at popping with close to 100% efficiency - that is there are very few unpopped kernels if you do it right.
Sometimes I use a bit of cooking oil, a dash of salt, and 2 tablespoons of water.
Other times I'll use more oil and some sugar.
Other times I'll use coconut oil and a bit of olive oil.
It's great being able to throw just about anything in this popper and have the mess all be self contained in a serving bowl.
When mine finally kicks the bucket I'll almost certainly get a new one.
This works great! Add oil, popcorn, plug it in, and in about a minute you have popcorn! It is easy to clean, but not immersible.
This popper pops every last kernel of corn and burns none.
I love it and it produces the best popcorn I have ever had.
Would have given a 5 star rating but this one does not turn quite as well as others I have had in the past.
Had an air popper and popcorn was everywhere.
Love this one...it even has its own bowl, so you don't have to search for one!.
easy to use, makes great popcorn, and I love the fack that you just turn it upside down and it's in it's own bowl.
This is a fun and a bit of a nostalgic gift I received from a friend of mine for Christmas last year.
Popcorn is my favorite snack and I've always cooked my own.
Microwave popcorn tastes too greasy and has a funny chemical taste and smell.
Plus you never get enough from a microwave bag.About a year ago we upgraded our kitchen to a smooth cook top and restaurant grade cookware.
I can't cook popcorn with quality equipment like we now have.
It's quick and easy to make, tastes great and easy to clean up afterward.
It pops all the kernels to the last pop.
I wish they figured how some great dishwasher safe design to make it easier to clean.
But for now, I use it once a week for a healthy snack.
The rotating arms stir the kernels as they heat.
You can also use less oil than a non-stirring popper would allow.
This is not the popcorn popper Alton Brown recommends on his episode of Good Eats about popcorn.
I usually agree with his recommendations, but not this time.
We have been using this for years to make our popcorn.
I've interrupted stuffing my mouth w hot popcorn to tell anyone looking for a popcorn machine, look  no further.
My wife and I rent movies, which is not a family activity without popcorn with budder.
For such a modest price, we are happy with the performance of this device.
There are more options than just butter, but we don't.
Unfortunately, through no fault of West Bend, I had to replace the popper.
However, the metal base is not as sturdy as the base on the original (older) popper.
When you clean the inside of the popper you can tell West Bend has used a cheaper metal material than on older models.
I'd pay more to have the stronger bottom (the area where you spread the kernels).
Overall, I am happy with the popper since I am stir crazy for popcorn!.
I already owned a popper like this one but it didn't last as long as I had hoped for.
I tried a different kind but it wan't as easy to use & clean as this one.
The popcorn tastes great, the clean up is quick  & maybe I'll be lucky, and it will last!.
My husband's quit working and he loves popcorn in the evening.....now we can both watch movies and enjoy hot popcorn.
My grandfather used to have a popcorn maker like this one.
After he moved it was lost or sold sometime.This one works like a charm.
My father loves that popcorn tastes better and can be healthier.
I've always seen him butter the stuff though.
They're just used to circulate the popcorn as it pops.
Do not put the entire thing in the dishwasher.
I handwashed the lid and bowl so I've no idea how it handles a dishwasher.
I did not purchase this on Amazon, but bought it directly from Target, this is an excellent popper.
Very few unpopped kernels using nothing other Kroger brand popping corn.
I am sure a gourmet brand would be even better.
If you love popcorn, this is the popper to buy.
Stirring rod works great, easy clean-up, simple directions.
This popper just could not be any easier.
Plug it in, pour in the oil and popcorn and then sit back and watch!  My kids love to watch it pop.
It can make a small amount for a snack or a huge bowlful for the whole family on movie night.
There is hardly an unpopped kernel left after it has finished popping.
The popcorn is fluffy and can be evenly coated with butter if you use the simple butter dispenser on top.
I highly recommend this popcorn popper and it's a great price.
If you want popcorn like in the movies at home this is the way to go.
Best poper I have found on the market that will make it, season plus butter your popcorn all be its self.
I received my popper and made popcorn right away.
It works great and I would recommend this product to anyone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money for a big expensive popper.
I used gourmet popcorn and I used olive oil.
I inverted the lid and put real unsalted butter on it after popping was done.
Yes, I'm bad! Easy clean up and no problems.
I like the fact that you can add all your ingredients,flavoring s,etc., at one time and let the machine mix it up.
It would be a toss up to decide between the two which is better.
Microwave in the bag is fluffier and more convenient.
This is cheaper to use in the long tun.
Won't know about durability for a year or so! Not a bad choice!12/05/2012After further use I'd give it a 4star rating at least.
Sometimes trial and error is where you learn.
I figured out that the product itself was functioning fine and that I was in error.
After correcting my inequities the crazy popper works great!  Oh, don't put butter and your other ingredients in the bottom with the oil and popcorn.
The butter and ingredients will leave a black burnt film on your popcorn and crazy popper.
And THAT makes clean up difficult!! Add that later as recommended! It really does pop like crazy.
This little popper has probably saved me hundreds of dollars over purchasing microwave popcorn without all the preservatives and whatever else is in there.
It's reasonably priced and works well, had it for almost two years or so.
We use a little bit of canola oil to pop the popcorn, and then add some popcorn seasoning.
however it does not have an on/off switch.
I give it a four because I think the manf should put an on//off switch on it.
I had an old faithful popcorn popper and could not find one to reorder.
I researched on Amazon, and this one seemed to fit the need.
I only use Orville popcorn, and it popped beautifully.
I do not use the butter melter on the top of the bowl.
Once popcorn stops popping, flip over and remove the base.
For years we had a stovetop popcorn popper that had a handle to turn which stirred the kernels.
It made great popcorn but it finally fell apart.
I bought this to replace it.It's been a huge hit in our house.
Not only does it make great popcorn but it's great fun to watch it work.
It's so much fun that the movie doesn't start in our house until the popcorn is made.
(My oldest son always says he gets it right...amazing!)The popcorn comes out tasting great - no complaints there.
It's fast too, faster than doing it on the stove.
First, as soon as the popcorn is done popping flip it over and remove the base.
Even if you unplug it the base remains quite hot and the popcorn will quickly burn unless you do this.
Second, don't bother melting butter in the top compartment.
It doesn't all melt and it just makes the lid/bowl that much harder to clean.
I used my popper and it worked very well.
The instructions  called for 1 cup of popcorn unless useing gormet popcorn, then use 3/4 cup.
I used 3/4 cup of gormet popping corn, which was still a bit much as every kernel popped.
The butter holder located on top works pretty good, just make sure you use soft butter, and thin pats.
The popcorn tastes very good, and comes out dry and crunchy.
If you are looking for a popper I think this is a good one.
We use coconut oil and not popping oil.
Tastes great and the oil is pure and tastes great.
I like it!!! easy making, Big enough  for 3-4 people,  It can use butter directly.It's much better than other brand machine.
A family friend has a Stir-Crazy and after scoffing at it, tried it & loved it.
Avoided making popcorn in the past because of the clean-up hassles, but this is a breeze.
So quick & tastes just like stove-top popcorn.
This is my third and fourth popcorn popper.
I have had at least one and right now two for years because I love the way this popper makes popcorn.
I can limit the oil and don't need butter and it still has that bit of buttery taste.
It is the best!  Sadly, they do die and hopefully, will still be there when these next two bite the dust.
They have averaged about five years of daily popping.
This is a great popcorn maker and does its job perfectly.
As other reviewers have written you will need to make minor adjustments to the arm that spins around.
I use Bobs Red Mill White Popcorn and it turns out perfectly every time.
It is a bit of a chore to clean, but not all that big a problem.
I don't care for the butter infuser on top.
Still, if you like to pop corn and not use the microwave, this is a good option.
If you like real movie theater taste forget the microwave and buy this,with the right oil and popcorn you can not beat the taste.
Looking for a popcorn popper? Get it, you'll love it!.
Does what it says and it does it good,  Would tell anyone to buy this popper and yes, all the corn pops.
We gave everyone we know one of these poppers for Xmas this year -- with resounding success.
And since they live in other states, we got free shipping through Amazon, too.
We recommend that you measure the oil and seeds according to the user manual for best results.
I have this West Bend corn popper for years.
This will help to keep the kernels with the proper amount of moisture and I guarantee all the kernels will pop.
THIS WEST BEND STIR KRAZY IS ONE OF THE BEST CORN POPPERS IN THE MARKET.
It is great that Amazon carries it at such good price.
I got this product after having homemade popcorn with the Sir Crazy at a friend's house.
It is SO easy to use and makes delicious, light-tasting popcorn.
I just use a little olive oil and kernels.
Doesn't even need salt or butter in my opinion!.
Edit added 3/7/13: I still have this popcorn popper, it's still amazing, and the non-stick is still intact.
LOL, so last night I picked one up.
The kids and I tested it out tonight and we are more than pleased.
I'm sorry, but what do you expect of non-stick coating? Its not indestructable.
Just make sure the rods arent scraping and it should last a long time.
My grandfather has been using his stir-crazy popper for over 20 years now and its just fine.
My unit seems to have the rod reverse direction rather than scrape the bottom if it gets hung up, great feature.
I have also noticed a few people gave poor reviews because the automatic shut-off doesnt work.
the instructions clearly state that there is no automatic shutoff.
Honestly, you can't manufacter thousands of units a day (of ANY product) and expect that every single one will be perfect, thats just life.
There are plenty of things in everyday life that have defects, car parts for example.
Its the nature of mass manufacturing and really can't be avoided.Overall this is a wonderful product, and I am so glad I bought it.
One suggestion to the manufacturer is to make a small 2qt popper for personal use.
I received this popper as a birthday gift several years ago from a brother.
This guy is a great gift giver!!It has been my faithful and trusty sidekick for nearly 5 years.
I use it weekly on average, but sometimes as frequently as several days in a row when I'm on a binge.
I received one of these 30 yrs ago for a wedding present and loved it.
Must have gotten lost in a divorce, move, etc but was so excited when I saw this at Target a few weeks ago.
Purchased thru Amazon (cheaper and free shipping) and only noticable difference is that the rod seems a little flimsier than the original.
I was considering purchasing a commercial popper but not now - this works great at a fraction of the price!.
I love homemade popcorn and this works fine to accomplish this goal.
And yes, I do hand feed the popcorn to my dogs.
But th en again I toss it to them.
Now I don't have a lot of unpopped kernals left.
Plus I can make my popcorn anyway I want.
My first popcorn popper survived over ten years of twice-a-week popping until my 10-yr-old dropped the lid and broke it.
When I first read about the Stir Crazy, I thought it was a gimmick.
One more thing to break - but I ordered one anyway because there wasn't much selection.
What a great move!  Microwave popcorn is convenient, but it has a tendency to burn if you don't watch it.
Dribble some oil in, add my favorite &quot;premium&quot; popcorn, plug it in, and pretty much every kernel pops every time.
Use that idle microwave to melt the butter.
A quick swirl with the OXO Nylon Palm Soap Brush, and the parts are clean.
I actually bought this to roast coffee in but the popcorn came in first so I gave it 'a whirl'.
I love it! It couldn't be easier and the several batches of popcorn I've made came out perfect.
So, I roast the coffee in a pan on the stove with success and this machine is dedicated to making popcorn only.
I bought this for my wife for Christmas and surprised she hasn't worn it out yet.
Have had this popper for over 6 months  and it works as good as the Joe Namath one I had for over 20 years.
3 minutes and a full bowl of popcorn is yours!.
I have one of those big red fancy popcorn machines on a cart and I love it.
I wanted a stir crazy for those times when I just want a small amount and don't want to clean my big machine.
and the feature that allows the butter to melt into the popcorn while popping makes the popcorn very yummy ;0).
Only one note of advice: follow the instructions as far as the proper amount of oil and popcorn that is listed in the manual.
if you don't do that and you don't like the results, it will be your fault, not the machine.
We had a similar but the bowl cracked after about 1 1/2 years.
Its impossible to find a replacement so this was a good deal.
Pops great and doesn't seem to get as messy from the oil as the previous one.
I bought this popper about 3 weeks ago.
I must admit that this popper works great.
Since you only use a small amount of oil, it is not oily at all.
Also, it's not as dry as those air poppers.
But if you want tons of butter on your popcorn, this machine is not set up to do this.
However, if you want a slight buttery taste, with great tasting popcorn, then this is the popper for you.
I've read reviews where they say that the non-stick surface breaks apart.
if no update, then it still works fine).
Only downside is the base is not able to be put in water so clean up is a bit of a chore.
Get your taste buds set for an explosion of popcorn the way it should be made.
Gather a few family members or friends and make this an event; or, snuggle up by yourself with a favorite show.
Personally, I like to pop the seeds in garlic oil, sprinkle with melted butter and garlic.
Positively, sensational.The West Bend has a nice clear dome to watch the excitement going on inside.
The swing arm makes certain that all your seeds pop.
I've had a steady lineage of Stir Crazy poppers.
When one wears out or breaks, I buy another.
The only real problem with them is the useless butter chamber and lid on the top.
It's completely worthless and just makes the bowl harder to clean.
Hey West Bend, save us all some time and money -- redesign the bowl without that top chamber.
Also, I had to laugh at the reviews that complained about the stirring wire rubbing against the non-stick surface.
As another reviewer pointed out, it's a metal wire.
Bend it to where you want it!  Someone else complained that oil gets inside the mechanism.
Maybe it does, but I get at least a year out each Stir Crazy, and I use them a lot.
They're easy to clean and easy to use.
I've tried others including the microwave bowls with the gimmicky "powercups", but Stir Crazy is still the best.
As far as poppers go, this one is great.
It's easy to clean and no old maids.
I don't care for the plastic bowl, but we use a different bowl for eating, anyway.
The bowl doesn't look great after cleaning, but maybe I'll try it in the dishwasher and see if it looks better.
finally, a [popcorn popper that doesn't break on the first use out of the box-goodbye Cuisinart.
The popcorn was really good and no parts fell off the popper for the first time in a long time.
My kids love to watch the popcorn make!! The taste is also a lot better than microwave popcorn.
This thing is lots of fun, the kids like to watch the popcorn go pop-pop-pop.
It's just a cheap black plastic lid and I'm sure I threw it in the trash thinking it was from a coffee can or something.
And it's an odd size so none of the (many, many) other plastic lids we have lying around will fit.
So now we have to put the bowl on a plate or something to keep the salt and butter from leaking out.
I have been on the hunt on how to make theater popcorn for a year now.
Or, I don't even use them because they are ridiculously expensive.
With good popcorn, no un-popped kernels to deal with either.
I got this popcorn popper machine for a work team event.
Everyone just Loved it! i used to think microwave popcorn is great, the real popcorn is much better.
and it is so much fun watchin the corns pop in front of you! also it's pretty each to clean.
i think this product is great and i would recommend it.
We have had numerous of these over the years.
Typically the plastic top goes before anything else.
Always does a good job of popping corn.
I am blown away at the level of service that I was provided from WestBend.
I ordered this pot (which is very attractive and well built) and sadly it arrived damaged on a Friday.
I think its great that companies like this still exist.
The pot brews 100 cups in about 70-75 minutes and its HOT!~.
I bought this because my old West Bend 55 cup coffee urn gave me over 25 years of service before biting the dust.
That is a LONG time! So of course my replacement was going to be a West Bend.
I decided to go bigger and got this 100 cup.
The price was great and I already used it for an event.
The coffee came out perfect! I highly recommend West Bend brand.
Bought this 100 cup commercial urn for my synagogue.
It is used about twice a week and makes a good cup of coffee.
I purchased two of these a year ago to use in a ministry that serves people who are homeless.
I've had no trouble with leakage at spout or lid.Bonus points for getting them for $89 each on a gold box deal.
Good fit for what we are using it for.
We serve about 75-100 people coffee daily at my work and it is working great.
After reading some reviews we settled on a couple of these.
They brew coffee much faster than the old ones, and make a better tasting cup-of-joe to boot.
They're also very easy to break down and clean.
If you need a whole lot of coffee in a hurry, you could do much worse than a West Bend 33600.
This is such an exemplary teapot that I've tried and stored away several others during the years I've owned this one.
It's basically indestructible (try to dent it -- just try...), the flat bottom heats quite quickly (esp.
on gas ranges), the whistle is extremely solid and probably unbreakable, and the whistle is *loud*.
This is a beautiful kettle, well made, and has a lovely two-tone whistle.
I drink tea on a daily basis and after 3 years of use it looks good as new.
The only design issue I have is that it's annoying to locate and put on the padded handle so I don't get burnt.
To manage, I just use our regular oven mitts.
But, if you're a coffee drinker using a french press, you use this thing daily.
I dropped my previous kettle which bent the spout.
Otherwise, I'd be smooth sailing with that one.
They mention that this is &#34;Onyx&#34;, not black.
This is precisely true!  It looks gorgeous!There are certain things, in my humble opinion, that you up the spending on.
Loved the first Chantel teakettle we purchased some years ago for our home, and the second kettle we got for our camper.
Incidentally, we filter our water with a Brita system, which may help prevent mineral buildup in the whistle.
We've never had a problem with the whistles.
This is my second one of these teapots.
The first one sprung a leak after many years of faithful service.
It is gorgeous to look at and very functional.
I love the quilted mitt that comes with the kettle.
You definitely need it since the handle does get hot.
This kettle has been doing its job in my kitchen for 12 years of almost daily use.
All previous kettles I've had broke or corroded after less than a year.
The construction is solid, the whistle loud and the heat conduction excellent.
I've had no problems with rust or corrosion but I do not keep it full and closed when not in use.
The handle conducts heat so a pot holder is required.
I believe Chantal now includes an insulated  handle cover with this product which would solve that problem.
I have owned 2 of these, both the stainless finish.
The first one I bought in '99, and used it on an electric range.
I used abrasive metal scrubbers on the stainless steel, and though minute scratches were visible, it was returned to a bright shiny finish each time.
One day ~2007, I left the whistle top open and burned my kettle up; the plastic parts in the whistle melted beyond repair.
Now, on the new gas range, the handle is definitely too hot to touch when the water boils.
I think I'll look into getting a silicone sleeve that I can leave on it.
I have a water cooler that has hot water, so bought it for looks.
It looks great on my stove top with my other stainless steel items.
The only downside is that it was too expensive.
I was searching for a more retro style tea kettle but I didn't trust buying an old used one.
I decided on this kettle because I like the design.
I was specifically looking for a kettle that had no plastic...which I think makes anything look cheap and ugly.
Have had this teakettle for over five years with perfect service.
Earlier, I had a blue enamel Chantal from Williams-Sonoma, and the interior enamel began flaking off.
Seems like an after-thought workaround.Earlier this year, I saw the same kettle at the home of a relative.
She had a silicone handle on her kettle handle that apparently is safe for use when heating.
It's a shame Chantal does not provide a silicone holder instead of the less than ideal holder supplied with the kettle.
One star deduction for the pot holder issue, otherwise a great product.
As an avid tea drinker I have to say that this is the best tea kettle I ever had.
Heats up quickly and the handle is OK without pot holder.
On the expensive side but well worth it.
I would buy another Chantal over any other kettle out there.
Mild patina, but still shiny.no issues, no problem, used on smooth top stove.
I've had mine for 3 years now and it works perfectly every time.
I'm buying one for my elderly mother because of its safety and reliablility.
I have this can opener for several years now and I love it.
The smooth edge cut is a huge improvement over the conventional style.
Also, tops can fit back on the can since they a edge cut and there are no sharp edges.
This is definitely a good value for the money!Update: Mine died at the end of 2005.
I think that it was the result of a dull blade.
The only readon I didn't give it 5 is because it doesn't have a hands free mode.
With 2 little ones at my ankles, i am partial to anything that doesn't require constant attention.
So far it is really nice quality can opener.
I really like it's height for those taller cans.
If you're looking for a bread box for store-bought bread, you won't like this.
This bread keeper is sized to fit a bread machine-sized loaf.
This is a really good way to keep home made bread.
The slicer wore out quickly from the sharp slicing knife.
This is the second of this item I have purchased.
The first, which I paid quite a bit more for several years ago, is still in use and fine.
However, I often have two types of bread available at the same time.
This cleverly designed keeper and slicing guide do the job for me perfectly.
Yes, it is a little messy when you open it.
On the other hand, the 2 pound loaves from my Zojirushi horizontal bread maker fit perfectly, and with room to spare.
It also looks great on the counter, and is crystal clear to help highlight what is inside.
The slicing guide (which is shown sideways in the Amazon.com photo), is the perfect companion to a sharp, serrated bread knife.
It is by no means flimsy, and simply looks and works very well.
I bought this item becuase we only eat home made bread.
This really does keep our bread fresh~! It also has kept us from wasting a lot of bread.
We (house of 3) were going through almost 3 loaves a week just for toast, sandwiches and french toast.
But now that we can slice them evenly we go through 1 and a half loaves.I only gave it 4 stars because 1.
The blades get caught due to them being too short.
3.There are deep knife markings on the bottom already.
I try not to think that we may have eaten some plastic.
It has a slicing guide and also a storage container part to it.
It cleans easily and was cleverly designed to accomodate bread machine sized Loaves.
Glad we purchased it; great friend to our bread machine.
I'm terrible at slicing bread straight so it is a lifesaver with the insert.
Just make sure you use a sharp serrated bread knife when slicing home made  bread.
I have learned the hard way that home made bread tends to crumble, deflate and make a mess easily if your knife is dull.
With the cutting guide inside the keeper, it will help to avoid that.
Great item and I would recommend it to anyone who makes home made bread.
The product works just like it supposed to.
It is clear, compact and easy to use and clean.
Outside of a great way of storing homemade bread, I love the included slice guide.
Although I could always go out and buy a slicing guide, I liked the combination of slice guide and storage container.
It's so lovely to have you demand reviews for items I never bought.....and I'm only giving this so you'll stop sending me emails.
This is actually my second purchase of this product.
The problem with the "slicer" itself, the white portion of the item, is that it will eventually break down after continuous use.
After losing two of the "teeth", it became more difficult for me to get the size of slice i liked.
So i went ahead and about another one.
the cost is cheap, so I felt it was worth it.
And now i have two plastic containers, and can be handy in the event i bake two loaves in one day.
The bread slicer guide makes nice and accurate slices of bread compared to just using a knife with no guide.
I wasn't sure I was going to like this bread keeper.
I love how easy it is to manage.
Also I was trying to use my serrated knife and sometimes it would cut the slicer and didn't cut the bread good.
bread knife and now it slices good through the teeth of the slicer.
NOt only can I slice my bread perfectly for sandwiches, but I have a pretty, clear container to hold the bread.
I used to have an "Emily's" bread box - similar design but square.
I liked that better because with the curve this has on one side has to be aligned to close.
This is a very nice set of mini ladles.
This is my second purchase of these ladles.
I use the larger one to skim the cream off the not-so-large top of my gallon jug of farm milk.
I must've thrown away the previous ladle by mistake.
These "Little Ladles" are very handy and look good enough for either kitchen or table use.
I got thease for my mom so she's not stuck useing the big one all the time.
They work alot better for herand are easier to clean also.
The largest one probably isn't more than 3 tablespoonfuls, and the sizes graduate down from there.
But they're perfect for certain kitchen tasks that the bigger ladles aren't right for.
For one thing, they're small, obviously, and most ladles are big, for dipping soups, etc.
Shopped forever to replace my small plastic lades.
Love them to spoon sauces, fat, cheeses, gravy.
Happy that  the stainless will now last and they are dishwasher safe.
I rate these 4 Stars only because they aren't as sturdy as I would prefer, but for the price they are a real value.
I bought them to use when filling my small canning jars for the gourmet batches of fruity things I'm canning.
They are lightweight, and I like the roundness of their bowls.
The handles have a handy loop to the ends so they can hang on hooks.
just the sizes i was looking for ..replacing small plastic type ladlesgood value for the money ...might come back for more  :-).
They have many uses for all the sizes.
Works very well, stable and easy to hold especially if you have any type of grip problem with your hand.
Well worth the price and the protective legs and the triangular design make it easy to use when grating into a bowl.
It's very tall for a grater, and the knob on the top fits right into you palm, and it makes grating very easy.
I've had this for over a year now.., no sign of rust or aging.
The way it's in a pyramid shape.., I haven't shredded a knuckle yet.
I like the sizes of the holes.., I shred a lot of ginger and it works really well for that.
Also no sharp edges on the inside and easy to clean.
I'm learning to cook-and part of learning is not knowing everything you need to have a kitchen with all the right utensils.
I like the look and feel of this grater.
It looks nice displayed on the kitchen counter.
The only drawback I have is that the standard size shredding side is not very sharp.
Usually, I prefer a shredder that is not really sharp.
We have discovered that we prefer using the side that produces slightly thicker shreds of cheese.
Sometimes, cheese does get stuck up inside, but we just use a kitchen brush to solve that problem.
Overall, it's a good product, but if you like a really sharp shredder, you probably would not be happy with this one.
I looked into a number of box and in this case tower graters before deciding on this one.
That makes it taller than the 1/2 gallon carton of Minute Maid OJ I have in my fridge, and with a larger footprint.
Each of the grater's 3 sides measures a tad under 5 1/2" at the base.
It is super steady because of the rubber footies.
The rubber covered handle is easy to hold.
It has a nice assortment of grating sizes and the blades seem sharp enough to do a good job.
It is also heavy enough to feel like it is good quality and will last.
I had an old one that had container attached to bottom, didn't work well.
This has rubber rounded top, rubber feet to keep from slipping and 3 grating sides that fill all my needs.
The design of this grater makes it very stable and handy.
I grate everything from cheese to carrots to nutmeg with it.
It's so sturdy I never have to worry that it will slip or buckle when I use elbow grease.
The ball handle makes for a very comfortable, solid grip.
This item is definitely dishwasher safe, but it's also easy to hand wash if you're using it several times in a row.
I've had mine for years, and one of the feet finally came off so I'm replacing it.
That's the one change I'd make to this item: attach the feet better.
It's a little awkward to store because of it's size, but well worth finding a spot for.
It is very easy to use and very easy on the "fingers" in the process of grating.
You can grate a large block of cheese easily in less than two minutes.
The grated cheese will stay inside the grater until you are finished.
It gives you the diffent choices of how fine you want your cheese grated.
It is sturdy and easy to control when you're grating.
The only thing I am wary of is cheese getting stuck on the inside at the 'feet' of the grater.
But, I just have to make sure to check and wash it out.
I have had lots of graters over the years but this one is the best and also less expensive than any of the others.
I especially like the knob to hold on to.
I've used it about 15 times.Sara in NC.
You won't skin your knuckles with this this tapered, sturdy grater.No stains or rust after 1.5 years of use.Highly recommended.
I am a 62 year old bachelor and I've been cooking all my life back to the days when I helped my mother.
She used a paring knife, but I never got the hang of that.
When I moved out here to Utah my Sons girlfriend threw away the old slicer that I had.
I ordered this one when she moved out and I took over the cooking.
This is one of the most versatile and useful slicers I have ever had.
The only drawback I can find is that there aren't quite enough inserts to do what it would be otherwise capable of doing.
I gave it four stars because of the insert problem I mentioned earlier.
But as far as slicing and dicing you can do it as fast as you can push a vegetable back and forth.
As a longtime cook I highly recommend this product for fast slicing and keeping your fingers out-of-the-way.
I bought this mandoline on the recommendation of Cooks' Illustrated magazine, who said it's just not worth spending the money for an expensive one.
My husband is obsessed with this little gadget.
He says it really makes cooking fun! Works well with potatoes.
Slicing is difficult when what you are slicing becomes small (watch your fingers), but it is still very useful.
But works great on potatoes carrots cucumbers and the such.
Yes the product has a sharp blade and could be considered dangerous but so do scissors, knives and razors.
It is exactly what is described and works very well.
Very easy to use and easy to clean.
very easy to use and clean, truly multipurpose, easy to change guides, nice heavy material, very good price.
Mainly use to prep stuff for the dehydrator but occasionally use it to julienne veggies or slice potatoes to roast.
Little advice: Buy cut proof gloves because you can lose the tip of your finger (nail and all) without even realizing it.
Have used my mandoline for mainly hard vegetables and works well so far.
Use my magic bullet for grating hard cheese.
In the future, I won't ever be in such a great hurry that I  forget use the safety grip.
Yeah buddy,  I sure learned my lesson on using kitchen tools properly.
It's important to remember that it's almost impossible to sharpen theblade on any mandoline.
The blade is dull after a lot of hard use and there'sno hope for re-sharpening.
It cost about $150.I use my plastic Progressive all the time.It's four years old and when it finallydulls out, I'll throw it away.
Economical and disposeable and highly recommended.Lynn Hoffman--Author of The New Short Course in Wine and the eternally sharpnovel bang BANG.
i needed it to make slices of potato, cucumber, and onion etc.
i don't know how long it will last yet.
the price was great so it's no big deal to me.
it seems to be safe to use as long as you put that top cap piece onto the vegetable item to hold it securely.
right now i am very happy with this purchase and item.
i will update if anything happens.update: it works great!update: march 01 2012: it is still working great.
i use it several times a week and i am so happy i bought it.
it slices onions up into delicious thing round circles.update: july 11 2013 i use it all the time.
i always rinse it off after each use.
always hold onto the top cap that holds the vegetable into place and never let go until you have completed the slicing.
it works great and i am still very happy with this purchase.
I bought this mandoline in particular, because I didn't want to spend a lot of money on something I wasn't sure I would use.
If the mandoline blades weren't sharp, it wouldn't work and consumers would be dissatisfied with the product.
It is our responsibility to be careful and take the precautions necessary to make sure we don't get cut.
MY fault completely!I'm very satisfied with this mandoline.
I may upgrade in the future now that I know I will use it and enjoy it, but this is a great starter!.
I recommend it to my friends as a handy, simple to operate, easy to clean kitchen gadget, great for the price.
We have owned one of these for a few years.
LOVE it! Just put the cloves in, and roll it briskly - presto! - peeled garlic.
This maybe quite gimicky like another reviewer said, but some gimmicks are quite useful.
Mybe if you do not use much garlic then you will only be buying 'another tool' for the drawer.
But if like me you use alot of garlic, then this will be of great benefit.
But for now it is on my wishlist.
You will never have to peel a dam piece of garlic again.
just put a few pieces in and roll on the counter then boom a perfect piece of clean garlic.
Then use the Josephs Garlic Rocker to cut them up.
I've lived without one of these for a very long time.
Whacking a knife blade over a clove is fine for one or two at a time.
Wish I'd realized that sooner, and just bought it from Amazon.
This works well and I was so pleased that I bought two for friends as gifts.
It's good quality and after hundreds of uses it looks brand new.
I saw this being used by a local cooking instructor in a cookware store.
Wish I had discovered this 20 years ago, as I use a ton of garlic.
I'm now telling all my friends and relatives about it.
You can't go wrong for this price either.
You have to try it to believe it.
Just a few rolls and the garlic clove is peeled!! Never again will I peel by hand!.
I tried this and it works great!  At first I thought what the heck.
But soon I realized that it is really cool and fast to use.
I love garlic but hate to peel it!.
Works like a charm! This takes a painfully boring task and turns it into nothing at all.
Every garlic-loving cook should have one in his/her kitchen.
Since I'm too lazy to go out and find tubing and cut it with pinking shears, I guess I'll have to keep buying them.
(You can shake it out and keep going.)- Not as sexy as slapping a big chef's knife- Single-purpose gadget.
As other reviewers have noted, it works well but does get gummed-up and needs rinsing after awhile.
The thing takes a little getting used to, but it will do the job.
I can't believe that a little rubbery tube is so useful.
I chop garlic all the time and I'm so glad my hands don't stink anymore from all that peeling, and it's so much quicker!.
If you cook with garlic (if you don't, please don't invite me for dinner) you should get one of these things.
I've always find peeling garlic a tedious, somewhat difficult and messy task.
It's good, not magic - sometimes the skin will stick and break and you'll still have to do a bit of picking with your fingers.
On the whole, though, it's a terrific and very useful product.Plus, you can just toss it in the dishwasher when you're done.
In the meantime, it does its job well.
Super simple; works perfect, should last several lifetimes.
I watched a video on youtube, could not believe how easy it is to peel garlic w/o crushing it.
Wow, for canners or folks that like to use lots of fresh garlic, this might be the best invention of the 21st century so far.
The price seems a bit high as it is just a piece of silicon tubing, but it really works well for peeling garlic cloves.
But I also love the very E-Z-Rol Garlic peeler for a couple of reasons:1.
I hate to spend extra time on any unnecessary extra steps when cooking.
If I am making multiple batches of garlic laden meals to freeze ahead of time, the garlic peeler definitely saves time.
Children love to use this and it is certainly safer than a knife for young ones.
This is the neatest, easiest cooking tool I have ever used.
You put the clove of garlic into the E-Z Roll and roll 2 or 3 times on a surface.
Your garlic is ready to be cut, diced, shredded.
You just rinse it under some hot water and dry it off and back in the utensil drawer it goes.
Quickly loosens the "skin" off garlic cloves making it a breeze to remove.
I don't know how I lived without this!.
I like mine so much, I brought ones for my mom, sis, and daughter-in-law.
I have always smashed cloves of garlic with the flat blade of my chef's knife against a cutting board, then peeled them.
I love the smell of fresh garlic, but there are times when I don't want my hands to retain this aroma.
However, if I am chopping, mincing, slicing, or slivering garlic with a knife, then I still get some garlic smell on my hands.
The Cuisinart Mini-Prep Food Processor is great for chopping, mincing, and pureeing garlic, but it won't slice or sliver it.
(Also, I keep jars of both roasted and regular garlic, minced and chopped, in my refrigerator.).
This roller makes peeling garlic SOOO easy! Worth the money and is a great gift.
Holds up well but I always hand wash mine.
Simple, easy, Works great, particularly with crunchy fresh garlic.
Don't shove more than 3-4 cloves at a time in there.
Wow! What else can I say? This garlic peeler is the best invention since sliced bread! Peeling garlic now is so easy and quick.
I really recommend everyone to get this product.
How in the world did I get along without one?.
This item works beautifully without inflicting any damage on the garlic bulb.
It is easy to clean and stores away nicely.
I wasn't sure how well this would work, but I have to say that I am very pleased with it.
When I wanted peeled garlic without crushing the cloves I used to just roll them between my hands.
It's effective, but after several cloves it could take a couple days for my hands to recover.
While not perfect, for me this makes peeling garlic much easier and quicker.
This is best simple invention ever! We use garlic a lot.
This little thing saved me so much time and effort.
It's super easy to use, super easy to clean.
I can't believe that I didn't buy it earlier.
I recommended to all my friends and they all love it.
If you use a lot of fresh garlic, you'll love this.
Just drop a clove in, rub it between your hands a few times, and it's peeled.
A clever little gizmo that's easy to clean, too.
This simple design works great to peel garlic.
Just place a clove inside and rub the clove peeling the skin off instantly.
I bought one of these a few years ago and put it away until I moved to a new home.
I just ran across it several months ago.
I introduced it to my husband who loves using it.
I bought nine more to give as gifts this past Christmas.
Everyone has told me they enjoy using it.
It works really well and it is easy to clean.
This is a great item for removing the white papery stuff off garlic cloves.
Very useful for cooks who use fresh garlic.
This rubber cylinder does a good job of rolling off the skin of garlic.
Another tool for the frequent cook who uses a lot of garlic.
I would say costs next to nothing to make but they get good money for it.
Whoever invented this is going to make a mint!!!!!!!!.
Like seriously though, who knew??! LOL it's just rolled silicone or rubber but it's awesome.
I saw this on TV once, I can't remember where or what show, but someone used a little roller to peel garlic.
It does what it's supposed to do, it is relatively inexpensive and to my knowledge, most people never heard of it before.
I get a look from friends when they see it and they ask what the heck it's for.
So, besides working ,it also makes a interesting conversation piece in your kitchen.
Occasionally one stubborn odd shaped clove will not peel, but they are truly rare.
This is a handy little tool that does exactly what it says it will do.
If you put unpeeled cloves in it and roll it around the cloves will come out unpeeled.
Its pretty handy when you need to peel alot of garlic and also very nice to get kids involved with cooking.
And if i hadnt gotten it as a gift, i probably wouldnt have it.
I rarely use *SO* many cloves that getting out another kitchen tool feels warrented.
And garlic smell can be removed by washing with a stainless steel spoon.
a newlywed kitchen gift for a couple who hasnt already got a drawer full of gadgets.
for a family with children who want to get their children to partipate.
for a disabled person who has difficulty with working with knifes.
A friend bought one for me, and I liked it so much I bought several for gifts for friends who like to cook.
I'm not usually a fan of kitchen gadgets.
They take up space and anything they do can generally be done with a decent knife and standard knife skills.
When peeling garlic, the easiest method is the old-fashioned Julia Child technique; set your kitchen knife on top and give it a good smack.
Easy peasy.But!  This is only good if you don't care what the end product looks like.
The peel will come off, but the garlic will be squished and only good for dicing or pressing.
It is a kitchen gadget that actually works as advertised.
Put a clove in, give it a good roll, and the peel pops out one end and the fresh clove out the other.
You can just keep on rolling until all the garlic is done.
I use a lot of whole garlic, and my life has become so much better since I bought this.
I just sit by the table with a hundred or so cloves and roll them out.
It's easy to use and works every time.
Handle is comfortable, tines are more strudy than others.
So versatile I use it for sooo many kitchen cooking/baking tasks.
I'm loving it!!  The Norpro Grip-EZ Granny Fork is a perfect substitution for the Foley, might even be a little better in some areas.
First, let me say, if you want a Foley, head over to Ebay and be prepared to drop $30.00.
You can still get one in decent shape.
The Norpro though, takes what was so ingenious about the Foley and cranks it up a notch or two.
While I love my old standby, I usually only pull it out once a year.
It's tradition and a collectors item but it won't hold up to daily use any longer.
The sturdy rubber handle will take a beating and the business end of Granny will complete the job in no time at all.
The tines on the Granny are a little wider but not so much so to alter your finished product.
You can see from my picture (marks on Granny are light reflections)the difference is minimal.
Granny is happy in the dishwasher and I believe no cook should be without one.
It's the one kitchen item you didn't know you needed and will love.
I'm getting another for myself and a few more for friends.
This time of year, lots of bakers give mixes for the receiver to bake off at home.
Try substituting a Granny Fork for the typical wooden spoon that often gets tied to the packaging.
You'll make a huge impression and it will end up being a favorite for anyone lucky enough to receive it.
Norpro was thinking outside the box on this one and it shows.
One of the best not so "new" kitchen items out there and it's less than $7.00.
Good for blending dry ingredients, mixing, stirring, blending AND lifting.
I do a lot of crockpot cooking and at the end, I often want to remove all but liquid so I can thicken sauce/gravy.
This one tool is what I reach for.
My original impression was that the tines were flexible, not so.
A second one is on my wish list for next order.
I love the EZ Grip - now my wrists no longer hurt when mashing the beans while cooking!.
This is a nice solid "fork" that will serve us well as a whisk, folder, mixer, scoop...and oh yeah - fork.
I had been using an old kitchen fork to mash my tuna fish salad.
The fork worked fine but it's made of aluminum and I needed to get rid of aluminum in the kitchen because of its toxic effects.
It doesn't look as strong as my old fork but I was really amazed at how quickly it did the job.
It made an even smoother textured tuna fish salad and with really very little effort.
Plus, it's really attractive and as the working parts are made of stainless steel, there's no worry about toxicity.
What a clever little,tool, I use it for pie crusts to mixing home made pasta.
Is mixes things so easily scrambled eggs are a breeze, improbably use this fork 3-5 times a week.Extremely affordable it's many and diverse uses.
I remember my grandmother had one of these, and when I saw they were available I had to order one just for fun.
Whips eggs up beautifully and love how it mixes corn bread batter.
Amazing how well something so cheap can work and it just puts a smile on your face when you grab it from the drawer.
My wife thought this might make it easier for her to mix ingredients and she was right, as she often is.
I have really used this easy to grip nice length fork  a lot since it arrived.
Since I cook in cast iron its can be used in the pan with with no fears of scratching.
It  has mixed up meatloaf with no bending of the tines, whipped eggs and mixed batters  really endless uses.
I am cutting down on my kitchen utensils, this study fork now stays in easy reach.
I've searched for years for another 3 tine fork, but the ones I've found just aren't made like they used to be.
The tines look odd because they are made slightly offset, but the shape makes them work more efficiently.
Just got the granny fork yesterday, and after one use I was very impressed with it.
I can see already that I will be using it for a lot more than just browning ground beef.
I'd give this tool 10 stars because it is made to last!.
This Norpro Grip-EZ Granny Fork is a very handy kitchen tool to have.
My only idea of a "Granny Fork" was a small 3 pronged cooking fork with a wooden handle but this is NOT one of those.
I had never heard of the old "Foley Fork" that this item replaces until recently when I had seen Mz.
Julia using the old "Foley Fork" on some of her Cooking DVDs- so I decided to find one and give it a try.
The Foley's are no longer made and this is the closest one can come to one now-a-days.
This Norpro is very sturdy and well made.
The long stainless steel handle and body are solid and the E-Z grip handle is comfortable in the hand.
It works very well for shredding cooked beef or pork for hot sandwiches too.
I am very happy with this unique mixing tool! It is one handy gadget that is swiftly becoming one of my favorite kitchen tools.
Until I got it, I had no idea I needed it!.
After reading about it on a food blog, I bought this blending fork to bring my order total up to qualify for free shipping.
It's turned out to be one of those tools I reach for constantly.
It's particularly great for quick breads, muffins, or biscuits because it blends without over mixing.
It's also good for mixing the kinds of hot cereals that are fond of forming lumps, like Cream of Wheat.
My granny fork is still new, but appears to be solidly constructed, with a nice sturdy handle.
Besides using this for baking I have to say that my favorite way of using this product is when I am browning ground meat.
You can use spatulas, wooden spoons, anything and NOTHING will work like this fork.
It breaks apart the meat perfectly with NO effort at all and in record time.
This is one of my favorite kitchen gadgets of all time.
You'll love it and you can't go wrong with the price.
As a child, for years, I would watch my grandmother stir/mix-up her lemonade and orange juice with the funkiest fork I'd ever seen.
So I purchased this item with a happy heart and I love it.
I use this for a rinsing station for my yarn and fabrics once they have been dyed.
This tool gets heavy use and lives in my dye sink.
My first one lasted 4 years before it finally started to break down and I immediately purchased a second one.
For the average kitchen I suspect this would last a lifetime.
Yuck.The only negative, is that it is a pain to store, due to it's shape  and size.
However, if you are like me, it goes from use to dishwasher to  use again, so it's official storage place never gets used.
This product has been a real lifesaver for me.
Trying to juggle a heavy pan and a colander while cooking was very frustating.
Often, you can't set the colander down in the sink because you have other things in the sink.
With this colander, it is SO easy to drain pasta, ground meat, vegetables, etc.
as it rests on the edges of the sink.
It is also wonderful for washing fruits and vegetables.
I use mine daily and it has stood up to lots of use.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the little rubber feet kept coming off.
It wasn't a big deal, but they should've been secured better.
This product is a must-have for anyone who cooks.
I purchased this as a replacement for a sub-par colander that broke.
I was very pleased when this product arrived.
It is heavy-duty, supports weight well and is dishwasher safe.
I have a feeling this colander will be around for many more years.
The colander is heavy gauge stainless, so durable and the pasta slides out so easily after straining the pasta.
Sure wish more pans were this sturdy!!Highly Recommend!!!.
My wife loves these colander (bought 2 for her).
The handles are welded on so there's no rivets to fall out, and it's about the right size for the typical pasta mess.
Wow - I did not expect such quality on line.
This looks wonderful hanging from the pot rack.
After several washings, it has retained its bright silver appearance.
It strains fairly fine particles, is easy to clean and seems durable.
I couldn't have asked for a better colander.
Made of quality stainless steel this is a keeper.
Better than pre-molded plastic and worth every penny.
This colander is fairly small, but well suited to many functions from draining pasta to holding vegetables as they are being washed.
We use this item fairly often and it has held up well for many years.
This is the type of item where paying 3-5x or more for a name brand like All Clad doesn't make sense.
This colander replaces a similar antique colander that is aluminum.
I wanted one with the feet & had it in my saved wish list for about a year.
I had purchased this one for my daughter at that time & no complaints on its quality, etc.
I hang mine by its handle on a hook I have in a board on the kitchen wall above the stove.
UPDATE JULY 1 2012:My brother still has his Norpro 4 quart (8.5 inch Deep) and loves it.
I still have my MIU 6 quart and love it.
First, let's explore the differences and similarities between these three colanders.
My house was built in the 1980s and the sink is typical for kitchens of that decade.
Without the feet, just the colander from the center of the inside to the top is approximately 5 1/8".
I had to eyeball this measurement, so I did the best I could.
Drainage holes on the side are just shy of 3/16" in diameter while those on the bottom are just over 1/8" in diameter.
There are 300 holes along the side and 90 holes on the bottom, plenty for drainage.
The bottom is 4 1/4" in diameter, a full inch narrower along the bottom than the MIU France 6-quart colander.DURABILITYThe handle is welded on.
Each side of the handle appears to be welded at only two points.
I imagine the welding is quite strong, because I gave this exact colander to my brother several years ago, and he raves about it.
I can see my reflection in the bottom of the MIU France colander.
Due to the handles, this one will not fit inside my stockpot.
However, none of the three did.CAPACITYThis colander holds 4 quarts.
You cannot go wrong if you pick this colander.
It is a 5-quart instead of a 4-quart.
I don't particularly like the handles, but I have large hands.
The handles are a lovely rounded shape and larger than the Norpro handles, making it easier for my large hands to grasp them.
The MIU France's mirror finish interior is more highly polished than that of the Norpro colanders.
The bottom hole content varies, but not enough to make a difference in their handling of any drainage of food or liquids.
This in no way detracts from their beauty or functionality.
All three are excellent choices in colanders.PHOTOSSee customer images for photos of all three colanders for comparison.RECOMMENDATIONMy personal preference is the MIU FranceMIU-6-Quart-Brushed-Stainless-Steel-Colander.
I prefer the larger round handles, both functional and beautiful.
Also, since all three take approximately the same storage space, I would go ahead and spring for a 6-quart.
However, if you choose thisNorpro Stainless Steel 8.5 Inch Deep Colander, you have purchased a high quality colander that will last you for years.
This colander has good construction, a brightly-polished interior, sturdy handles and feet, and a nice spread on the drain holes.
I chose this one because it is taller and more narrow than most colanders.
And the size is not overwhelming -- I would not have wanted anything larger so the size is the greatest part for me.
Just a real nice colander that looks like it will last a very long time.
It is very heavy duty and very deep.
I like the wide handles on it because you can place it on top of a pot lined with cheese cloth for straining.
We have also used it for a large steamer.
place it on top of a stockpot with boiling water-instant steamer.
Got this one after accidentally purchasing an enormous 8 quart colander by accident that was very good, but too large.
I have had this only for a few weeks but have been impressed so far!.
Have had these over five years and could't be happier.
Amazon shipping was fast and Norpro quality is great.
It cleans easily and the holes are just the right size.
I can't say enough good things about this Norpro Stainless Steel colander.
It's worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality.
I've been using an antique (only because it's old -- not valuable) plastic colander for years.
However, I agree 100% with those who are taken with the "beauty" of this utensil.
I know that when using attractive sturdy utensils the preparation of any food becomes an enhanced aesthetic experience.
The food just tastes better and is more satisfying because the experience of preparation becomes a pleasure and not a chore.
It is, indeed, attractive enough to be a counter fixture that complements my white/stainless small appliances beautifully.
Come Halloween, I can also dress as a Viking and use my gorgeous colander as a helmet.
I have to agree with the previous reviewers, wowzers.
The interior has a beautiful mirror finish, and there are plenty of holes on the sides and bottom so it's functional too.
Also, the handles and legs are welded on, with no screws that might trap food particles (as on my old strainer).
It feels very sturdy!The 8-5/8 inch colander is very large, perfect for my needs.
Then you can also use it by itself to present fruits or vegetables, at dinner parties and such.
It's that nice!  Indulge yourself, it's worth it.
After our plastic colander finally cracked, I decided to purchase this stainless steel one.
It drains water effectively while keeping spaghetti inside.
UPDATE JULY 1 2012:My brother still has his Norpro 4 quart (8.5 Inch Deep) and loves it.
I still have my MIU 6 quart and love it.
First, let's explore the differences and similarities between these three colanders.
My house was built in the 1980s and the sink is typical for kitchens of that decade.
Without the feet, just the colander from the center of the inside to the top is approximately 5 1/2".
I had to eyeball this measurement, so I did the best I could.
Drainage holes on the side are just shy of 3/16" in diameter while those on the bottom are just over 1/8" in diameter.
There are 300 holes along the side and 126 holes on the bottom, plenty for drainage.
The bottom is 4 3/4" in diameter, a full half-inch narrower along the bottom than the MIU France 6-quart colander.DURABILITYThe handle is welded on.
Each side of the handle appears to be welded at only two points.
I can see my reflection in the bottom of the MIU France colander.
Due to the handles, this one will not fit inside my stockpot.
However, none of the three did.CAPACITYThis colander holds five quarts.
There is slightly less room in the handle area for this handle than the MIU France colander.
I have somewhat long fingers and prefer the shape and size of the MIU France colander's handles.
Still, my hands do fit inside these handles.
The handles are a lovely rounded shape and larger than the Norpro handles, making it easier for my large hands to grasp them.
The MIU France's mirror finish interior is more highly polished than that of the Norpro colanders.
The bottom hole content varies, but not enough to make a difference in their handling of any drainage of food or liquids.
This in no way detracts from their beauty or functionality.
All three are excellent choices in colanders.PHOTOSSee customer images for photos of all three colanders for comparison.RECOMMENDATIONMy personal preference is the MIU FranceMIU-6-Quart-Brushed-Stainless-Steel-Colander.
I prefer the larger round handles, both functional and beautiful.
Also, since all three take approximately the same storage space, I would go ahead and spring for a 6-quart.
However, if you choose thisNorpro Stainless Steel 5 Quart Colander, you have purchased a high quality colander that will last you for years.
This is a substantial and great looking colander.
I was pleasantly surprised by how large and deep it is.
The brushed stainless with the polished stainless is very snazzy.
I first bought one for my daughter for Christmas, and became enamored with its shiny good looks and sturdy construction.
I had a very good quality plastic colander that my boyfriend brought to the relationship.
It's been as useful, steady and true as the boyfriend, but started showing its age without any corresponding increase in performance (unlike the bf).
So, since I'm not looking for a new bf, I ordered this shiny new colander and said &#34;good-bye&#34; to the old plastic one.
Not a lot to say about a simple product.
It is a great quality piece that is sturdy and stands up well to every day use.
Great quality, and perfect for all straining, washing vegetables or fruit.
much heavier than i thought it would be.
its awesome and should last a long time.
This is a heavy quality piece of kitchen equipment.
It's pretty large, so would be good for washing greens as well as draining pasta.
It looks like it will be easy to clean, unlike those made of wire mesh.
Glad I bought it, even if it is a bit expensive.
I got this colander as a replacement for my 30+ year old metal one when one of its legs fell off.
This colander is the same size as my previous one but is much heavier and seems more solidly built.
It drains well and so far I am pleased.
I'm hoping that I'll remain impressed for the next 30 years!.
This stainless steel strainer seems to be great quality, and is a perfect size.
The holes are the perfect size to let the water out but not the small food particles.
I DID THINK IT WAS RATHER EXPENSIVE, BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.
As a kitchen gadget junkie, I have to say that I am highly impressed with this particular item.
Most kitchen items get USED and abused in my household, so I try to buy the most heavy duty product out there.
The biggest issue with my previous collander was the depth of it.
I would pour out a pound of pasta, and about a third of it would spill out into my sink.
This collander is not only very wide, but also deep.
If you are looking for something that will probably outlast most of your other kitchen products, this collander will definitely do the trick.
I would give this 10 stars if I could!!.
I have had mine for years and it is the best colander I've owned.
Sturdy, good looking, well-designed, high quality stainless steel.
I just bought another one as a gift and was so pleased to see there were no changes in quality or design.
I haven't seen this colander anywhere but Amazon.
It's pretty large, but it cleans easily and I've been using it all the time for everything from veggies to pasta, and more.
The feet help it to sit up higher than my other collander.
Feels sturdy and I had not had any issues with it.
This colander is a good size and has excellent drainage.
The handles and legs make it easy to use and stable.
A big improvement over the plastic colander that I had been using.
I recieved and used this colander today and it works great, all the holes are in the right places, it drains quickly and completely.
This thing is beautiful and very strong, not flimsy at all.
Easy cleanup [I used a drop of dish soap and a soft sponge]  I caught it on sale for $29.04 with prime shipping.
Considering the quality and functionality of this colender that's a fantastic deal and worth every penny I paid.
This is not only great to look at, but seems to fit the bill when it comes to doing what it was created to do.
This colander is beautiful, sturdy and entirely functional.
I was looking for a quality stainless steel colander and found it with this one.
Although I use it almost daily, this could be something that gets passed down for generations.
I hate junky things so it's hard to buy on the dot-coms where you can't see and hold an item.
I took a chance on this colander and am absolutely happy I did.
It's quite heavy, made from thick gauge stainless.
It's stamped, not wire mesh so it's easy to clean.
This means that in the sink, it drains.
A ring base holds water under the base.Bottom line, if you are fussy about quality, buy this thing.
I would have paid twice the price and been happy.
If you are not fussy about quality, buy it anyway.
At this price, it's cheaper than many poorly made units and maybe it will teach you what quality is!.
Solidly built, looks great, and it's taken five years of use now with no problems - the welded parts are well-attached.
Unlike a lot of colanders, the design of this one doesn't leave many places where food can get stuck and be hard to clean.
Easy to use! Easy to clean! Easy to identify! Very good buy and well worth the money.
We bought this for measuring out additives for the livestock.
As soon as I saw the quality, I quickly replaced my (good) kitchen set with these.
Surprised by the heavy weight of the metal.
Wish it had the 3/4 and the 2/3's like my old plastic set.
But this is good because it had at least 1 more size than usual.
It also is the same volume in the cups as my previous set.
(Can't say that for some spoons I bought years ago.
Convenient shape and good quality, that's about all there is to these measures.
The 1/8th is useful and the shape is good for getting in to containers.
The snap ring is a good way of securing these in to a set.
All of them are made of stainless steel and they serve their purpose.
I am reviewing this set because I think it is a little different than what is out on the market.
they remind me of an egg with an even depth and a flat bottom.
They are well-built and fit in my kitchen drawer nicely.
Very nice set of SHINNY Stainless Steel Cups.
Just what I was looking for.I joined &#34;Amazon Prime&#34; last year and I have decided that this is the only way to shop.
The free 3 day shipping is terrific...and....if you need to contact Customer Service...the Amazon agents are terrific to work with :).
This set of measuring cups nests nicely inside of each other.
It is made of very durable and heavy stainless steel and I believe they'll last a lifetime.
The measurement markings are engraved on the handle and include US and metric.
There is also measurements engraved on the inside in both US and metric that show increments within that cup size.
Although the set doesn't include every single standard measurement, it contains most of the right ones.
If you want 2/3, you can use the increments in the 1 cup or two 1/3 cups.
Definitely a great buy and a quality set of measuring cups for a serious baker.
very durable and the handles are very sturdy.
I was nervous about getting this because compared to others the price was reasonable.
I am glad I did! The quality us great and the ring holding them together is easily removed.
build quality of these measuring cups are the best I have ever seen.
They are a really nice set with good finish.
I just received my Norpro Stainless Steel Measuring Cup Set.
I especially like the shape as it makes them easy to go into various boxes and containers.
I also really like the fact that it has 5 different sizes vs.
the standard 4 sizes that are offered with most measuring cup sets.
Great for whatever use you may need it for.
Other than that I would rate them 5 star.
The 1/8 cup size is a welcome addition although a 3/4 cup measure would probably get more use.
I had to return the first set because the handle on the smallest cup was NOT attached.
I love the elongated shape -- very easy to scoop.
These have a good weight and feel well-made.
I really like the inclusion of the 1/8 cup since I frequently halve recipes.
Good value and I'm very happy with the purchase.
These work so well! I've always had plastic ones and they kept breaking so I finally upgraded and I don't regret it!.
They stack well and the measurements are easy to read.
This is a great stainless steel pot that I use for many things.
You can use it as a double boiler too and melt chocolate on top.
I like the sturdy handle and thick stainless steel material.
Wish it was offered in a set so I would not have to keep buying individually.
I am buying pieces and storing for when my children move off to college.
It's very handy and doesn't take up much room.
I've used it as a mixing bowl, to boil water and to fill my water filter pitcher/dispenser.
The Norpro Krona Stainless Steel 8 Cup Multi Pot is a wonderful size and fits inside the 12-cup Multi Pot which I also own.
This has become my favourite pot for brewing up a batch of Masala Chai (Spiced Tea).
I must say the multi pot surprised me given the good price we found for it.
As every cost conscience consumer knows, quality and cost are always a factor.
It is always recommended that no one boil anything in any cookware any more because it shortens the life of the item.
Even the picture reveals it is a quality made product and looks are not deceiving in this case.
The closest in size to the bottom of the pot.
First time use was a little funky, because it had a few seconds of burn in.
I was amazed at how the handles stayed cool, as I was convinced they'd get hot.
I bought this little pot to abuse it and save my expensive cookware.
This pot is good quality for the price.
I like that you can buy it with or without a glass lid, as I had no need of a lid.
I will use this to boil the tea water and that is its dedicated use.
I bought this pot to make Indian chai and it does its job very well.
The base on this is heavy: it heats evenly.
Keep the flame within the diameter of the disc.
You won't use as much energy and your water/sauce/gravy, whatever, will boil!The only warning I would offer is a handling one and a cleaning one.
The handle does get hot, because the pot is not very wide, so heat rising up the side heats the extra heavy gauge wire handle.
You could wipe them away in a few cleanings if you're not careful.
Soak for ten minutes, use a nylon scrubby if needed for burnt milk or chocolate, and you're good to go.
Remember to keep the disc clean from any build up so you don't get hot spots!Great, useful little pot you'll go to often!.
This machine works wonderfully! Could not be easier! We have no previous experience and even our first batch was great.
The strong motor and strong freezer are why it works and why it costs as much as it does.
We're using Ciao Bella Book of Gelato and highly recommend the purchase of this book with the Lello.
works as well as it did 2 years ago.
This machine is heavy, noisy and not fun to clean.
Things changed when I purchased a great recipe book (Making Artisan Gelato) and my son and I tried our first 'gelato' batch.
I purchased this as a gift for my father and the whole family loves it.
It made the best vanilla bean ice cream I have ever tasted.
We then made mango peach sorbet and it too was incredible.
It's only been a few days but I think we have a new tradition - making fresh ice cream.Looks - Gorgeous mirror finish.
It takes up a lot of counter space but it'll be a conversation starter.Quality - Weighs a ton but top notch.
I'm betting it will last a few lifetimes.Ease - Two buttons (cold and stir) and a timer knob - simple.
The cleanup was quick.Results - The best tasting ice cream, sorbets, and sherbets you'll ever taste.
Makes just the right amount for a family to share over a few days.
Everybody has been thrilled with the ice cream we've made with it.Not cheap but worth it.
Homemade ice creams and gelatos from this machine are wonderful.But the machine is difficult to clean.
It would be a nearly perfect machine if the freezing bowl came out and you could pop it in the dishwasher along with the paddle.
Also, storing the machine can be a problem, it takes up a lot of counter space.
The problem with owning this machine is figuring out how to NOT use it.
:)Anyway, I almost had a heart attack when I got the box via UPS: it's huge.
Thankfully, most of that volume is from the packing material.
The ice cream maker is still big, but it's reasonable.
The quart and a half capacity is more than enough to keep the three of us in ice cream for several days.
The implication is that by putting the arrow onto the number, that's how long the timer runs: not quite.
The number is actually saying that this segment (marked by a bar on each side) is the 10s, or 20s, or 30s, etc.
So, if you want a 30 minute run (which is what we normally do), put the timer to the dividing line following the 30.
Also, there doesn't seem to be any way to stop the timer if you decide to stop the machine.
Attach a frying or candy thermometer to inside of pan.
Stirring occasionally, bring the mixture to 170 degrees F.
Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
Pour mixture into lidded container and refrigerate mixture overnight to mellow flavors and texture.
Personally, I think it's fine without the heating/refrigeration.
That recipe is modified from Alton Brown's "Good Eats" vanilla ice cream recipe on the FoodTV website.
This is the greatest ice cream maker for home use.
It makes 1.5 quarts in 30 minutes and the ice cream always turns out delicious.
Amazon had a sale on this item at considerably less than list price, and I decided to take a flyer and ordered one.
It arrived in fine condition.The item itself looks very presentable and will fit in with a high end kitchen containing stainless steel appliances.
From what you can see from the exterior, it appears to be well-built.
It was a battle to clean it and I always had trouble getting the bowl to release so I could remove it to clean.
It was such a pain to clean, that I stopped making ice cream.
Then I tried a Cuisinart ice cream maker where I had to store the bowl in the freezer.
And the huge, cumbersome paddle and the ice cream frozen to the sides and bottom made it very messy to clean.
So, I was afraid to spend the money on this Lello.
So easy to clean that I'm making more ice cream than ever before.
The quality of the stainless steel is wonderful to work with.
(Just don't overload the bowl to begin with.
For years my favorite ice cream cookbook has beenBen & Jerry's Homemade Ice Cream & Dessert Bookand those recipes work very well with this machine.
You don't want to be trying to lift it down from a shelf above arm-level.
It is also good to know that the black, heavy-duty cord is very long.I don't care how much this machine cost.
It is worth it, and our family is very happy to have it.
However, finding quality gelato in the US has been very difficult.
I am astounded at how inferior it is -- even places that get high ratings disappoint.
I tried gelato from many places -- Whole Foods sells it in tubs.
I can tell you truly gelato from Italy does NOT taste anything like the gelato we have here.
We found that even though the book says to let the gelato mix chill for 8 hours, we do not have to do that.
I have had this unit for ten years now and it is still going strong.
I use in now a days just about twice a month.
The reason I gave it only four stars is that it is pretty loud, the beater that is.
For instance I can't read or listen to the radio in between filling and emptying the machine.
Over all a great item if you love homemade frozen desserts.KDM.
I read the concerns about cleaning but figured that it would be ok.
Well the cleaning is not up to industry standard.
there is definately a sanitary concern and one will have to go to some lengths to be safe from food poisioning.
We lost the locking nut on ours and were somewhat taken back to find replacing it would cost us $20.
That's a pretty good lug nut on any truck in the fleet.
The machine makes great ice cream but we have smelled that electric smell of when an electric motor is overworking.
Bottom line is it makes great ice cream, but hold on to your lug nut.
My family thought I was nuts to spend so much money on an ice cream machine.
And I admit, I was wondering at first if I had gone a bit overboard myself.
But I have never regretted purchasing it ever since.This machine is a joy to use and makes making your own homemade ice cream a breeze.
You mix the ingredients, put them in the machine, set the timer, and start it up.
In about 30 minutes you have ice cream.
If you are like me, you have ice cream made from organic ingredients.Cleanup is a little tricky.
The big plus is that the bowl is smooth, rounded stainless steel--very easy to get clean and sanitary.
The minus is that the bowl is integrated with the body of the machine, so you can't take it out.
You need to let it sit in your freezer to harden it up a bit.
With this machine, I've developed my own delicious peppermint ice cream recipe, so I can enjoy its refreshing flavor any time of year.
One warning is that many of these recipes use raw eggs.
I can't believe how beautiful and substantial this ice cream maker is.
It not only churns out the best tasting ice cream, you really don't have to put in much effort to make it.
Since it contains the necessary "chilling" compressor, you never have to worry if you have the bowl chilled enough.
Clean up isn't bad if you tend to it right after using.It is a very heavy machine.
I would recommend it to anyone who loves home made ice cream and wants a fine machine to make it for you!.
I have had this machine for about 2 years, and it is excellent and very reliable.
The easiest technique is to use paper towels, which takes about 2 minutes total.
(1) Remove most of the ice cream with a spoon, and let the machine bowl warm up a little.
(2) Wipe out the bowl with 2 paper towels, after 3-4 rounds of wiping, the bowl will be spotless.
(3) Wipe it again with a lightly soapy sponge, or a damp towel.
Holy Cow this thing is expensive!  Your friends and family will make fun of you.
(yes I know you don't freeze bar-b-que but you know what I mean).
Update after two years:This continues to be one of my best "luxury" purchase.
It still gets used at least once a week, much more often in the summer.
It's also great way to easily store ripe fruit to use later in smoothies.
I've made 9 different kinds of ice cream/sorbet over the past 2 weeks and they have all been amazing.
In only 20-30 minutes, we have the most delicious dessert ever.
This is easy to use and makes perfect ice cream every time.
Tonight I'm going to try to make something similar with blueberries that we just picked.This machine is expensive, but worth the money.
Fast, sleek, sculpted and expensive.....now that's Italian! This is the ice cream maker for the serious player.
It is substantial (heavy!), magnificent and works wonderfully well.
Plug it in, load some cream, flavorings and fruit, and let it rip.
With its reassuringly quiet motor whirring away, it churns and chills a family-sized portion of surprisingly good ice cream in no time.
The only limit is your imagination (vanilla with white chocolate chunks and raspberries was great!) and your waistline.
It's big, weighs a ton, and is slightly noisy when running, but it produces wonderful ice cream.
I've never found the bowl-in-the-freezer machines to be able to freeze a rich ice cream base, but this guy handles it like a champ.
It has a strong motor, too, so it can keep on churning when the mixture is very thick.
Just for your reference, here's my ice cream recipe.
This will make TWO batches of vanilla base, so you can flavor each one differently.
Whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until denatured and a bit lighter2.
If you're using vanilla beans, slice/scrape them and add them to the cream/milk.
Bring cream/milk to a boil, then remove from heat.
If you're using beans, let them steep in the hot cream for 20 minutes, covered with a lid, then reheat cream/milk to boiling.
SLOWLY pour the boiling cream into the egg/sugar mixture while whisking constantly.4.
Pour the mixture through a fine sieve to catch any curdled egg or vanilla bean pulp.
Chill the mixture for a few hours, then add the vanilla extract if not using beans.
The resulting texture will be better if the mixture is cold when you put it into the machine.6.
Bloom the gelatin in a little cold water for a few minutes, then melt it.
Try to get the gelatin as hot as you can without boiling it in the microwave.
QUICKLY pour all the gelatin into the ice cream base while whisking VERY briskly.
Just pour it through a sieve to catch the strings, and melt some new gelatin.
The ice cream will retain its smoothness for days this way.
Without using the gelatine as a stabilizer, it will turn grainy.7.
Add the mixture to the machine and churn until very thick, and the motor is straining slightly.
I bought this together with the book "Artisan Gelato".
So far, I have made chocolate, Hazelnut, Raspberry and Strawberry gelato.
Each has been the best gelato I have ever tasted.
The bowl required pre-freezing in freezer before use.
Fortunately, my KitchenAid broke and I bought the Lello.
I was concerned about paying so much for an appliance but the Lello is worth every cent.
I could never eat ice cream imediately after removing from the KitcheAid and would always have to freeze first.
We serve the gelato straight out of the Lello without having to freeze first.
I have had this for several years.This is a high quality unit that totaly meets my expectations.
You don't have to mess with salt or ice or putting a bowl in the freezer.
Also, the Musso creates a nice, creamy consistency.
I've even tried skim milk, sugar, salt, vanilla and a little chocolate.
I was suprised that even with skim milk the ice-cream had a nice texture and was creamy.
It was delicious!I used to think it was a pain to clean and wanted removable bowls.
I had already came up with a design to modify the unit.
Actually it's a preferable design since you never have to replace any seals or complete any other maintenance.
A very high quality machine that produces consistent results.
The plastic spoon they supply may be useful for removing ice cream, but doesn't work for softer deserts, which just roll off the spoon.
I use a small soup ladle, which is tedious.
As other reviewers have mentioned, this product would be improved if it had a removable, dishwasher safe mixing bowl.
THIS IS MY FIRST PURCHASE OF A PASTA MAKER.
I HAVE USED ALL  THE DIFFERENT PASTA DIES THAT CREATE THE SHAPE OF THE PASTA WITH NO PROBLEM.
THE TRICK HERE IS TO BE SURE YOUR DOUGH IS THE RIGHT CONSISTENCY, NOT TOO DRY AND NOT TOO STICKY.
I DID NOT KNOW IF I WOULD EVEN LIKE FRESH PASTA BUT I MUST SAY IT WAS WONDERFUL.
Making pasta is not like using a breadmaker.
You can't just put all of the ingredients in the machine and walk away.
But as an earlier reviewed observed, a large mail order company was selling it for 119 dollars including shipping.
I decided to give it a try.The PastaMatic 700MX operates differently than most models.
For one thing, you have to weigh your flour and carefully measure the egg mixture(I use Egg Beaters).
It takes longer to knead than my CTC too.BUT...it makes the best pasta I have ever tried.
The strands are much thinner than the CTC and a short dip in boiling water produces a superior pasta.
I have purchased additional dies from Lello and look forward to trying them.
My wife and I decided we wanted to make our own pasta.
Step one was to see what was on the market and what others liked (and didn't).
The Simac went to the top of the list very quickly.
Average price was $150 for a new or barely used machine with all the parts/manuals.
So I tried my luck...no good, and I hate the outrageous shipping charges.
Went to Google again and did a deeper search.
Ah ha, a big name retailer had them in their clearance section for $119 (wow) with free shipping (FedEx home delivery no less).
I ordered it on Tuesday night and it arrived on Friday afternoon...double wow.
Due to the issues we read about below, we decided to RTFM first.
However, we also decided to go with a recipe for tomato pasta from the recipe book.After we washed all the parts, we assembled the ingredients.
We sifted it as directed and put in the other ingredients.
Pushed the button, and added the water slowly as directed.
The pasta was too wet so we added a tbs.
of flour (as directed) and let it run 3 minutes more.
We had to add about two more tbs.
of flour to get it in the &quot;walnut sized balls&quot; stage.
During this time, something strange happened that I'll describe at the end.
Finally, we ran hot water over the die we wanted while extruding 2 &quot;golf ball&quot; sized lumps without the die in place (as directed).
The pasta was &quot;ragged&quot; on the edges, but after the first foot or so it cleared right up.
The pasta (linguini) only took 45 seconds to cook.
It tasted good, but I am now aching to try some semolina :)The weirdness:We have GFCI plugs in the kitchen (as is code).
After the first 10 minutes of kneading, the GFCI tripped? They should only trip if the HOT (120VAC) is connected to the ground.
I didn't smell any burning so I moved the machine to a non-GFCI outlet to complete the process.
The two switches are in series (if either opens then no current will flow) and most manufacturers switch the HOT side.
When I opened the unit up, I saw that they were switching the neutral side.
The HOT wire had become pinched between the case and the very hefty gearbox (metal BTW) and was shorting to ground.
This completed the circuit to the motor so it would run but bypassed the switches too.
I wire tied the offending wire out of harm's way and all is well.
The motor on this machine is massive and I am positive that running it like that did no harm.
After seeing the quality of the insides, I am also positive this machine will last a lifetime.Jay.
We make a lot of pasta at our house.
Any of the three will make acceptable pasta dough.
Take your flour rock and wrap it in plastic wrap and put it in the fridge for a half hour or more.
Regardless of the machine, your 10th batch will be easier, faster, and tastier than your first.
So give yourself a learing curve and go learn something new.
You don't have to worry about noodles sticking together, to the machine, or to anything else.
Flour the cloth cover and you've got sturdy, clean elbow room without emptying your crowded cabinet tops.
the perfect warmer set for your nights that you are serving something that needs heated butter.
I bought quite a few for a lobster and crab night and each person had their own.
I put butter and garlic in the warmer and everyone loved them.
I'm sure there will be quite a few sales just based on my party.
These are fun to use and they DO keep your butter warm - however, they also can burn the butter if you're not careful.
Feel like you're dining out with these lovey warmers.
Even though I may not have a LOT of use for these little butter warmers, I consider them essential for when I DO need them.
Plus the little crocks are handy to use by themselves.
I even use them for making single serving desserts in my microwave.
Tired of cold butter or broth? This is the answer and they light up any table.
If you are a seafood lover, this is what you need.
I ordered these for a lobster tail dinner and was not disappointed.
Perhaps if one uses the larger tealights they might be too big and cause some scorching.
The large bowl allows for a lot of melted butter to be served.
The stand is sturdy, the bowls are attractive and blend in with any china or everyday dishes.
Candle flame is low enough the butter will not scorch and burn.
I bought these along with the Norpor 1527 Shanghai Crab scissors for a dinner party that I was having with friends.
The crab scissors are wonderful and having these cute butter warmers to keep the butter melted was great.
Well, someone listened and they now come with the candles in the metal tins and clean up was a breeze.
Would definately recommend to anyone needing melted butter kept warm.
We bought this for King Crab Legs and the price.
I love using this set when we have crab legs or lobster.
I like to add a pinch or two of herbs or garlic to the butter as it melts for added flavor.
It definitely gets the job done and adds a nice classy touch to the table.
The quality is good, if not the best.
The jar lifter, for example, is a little less hefty than what I had before and I didn't really need another set of Tongs.
However, they get the job done and the price was far less than buying each item individually.
I liked this set so well I bought another one just to get the canning funnel.
I only use the funnel so I can't review the other things.
I had got a different metal funnel but it had a inward lip at the bottom that I did not like.
I like plastic better and this one has no lip, just a smooth shute.
If you are going to can, you NEED these implements.
It cuts time, mess, and bandaids (for the burns).
The price on this kit is good compared to others.
Just what I expected when I ordered it.
High quality that will remain durable for many years of canning.
This ia a very handy collection of the basic tools needed to make home canning safe and easy.
Great price and certainly much less expensive than those in stores.
While these are not professional grade items they are certainly more than adequate for the casual home canner.
A great place to start and should last many years.
I ended up with a mess, and always burned my hands.No more!!!!!!  I may even buy this set for my dad who also "improvises".
The set was the same as I remember my mother using when I was a child over 50 years ago.
The materials are good quality and are very easy to clean.
Fantastic price for several helpful items, and all in one place.
Maybe you could spend your days searching garage sales for a few of the items and beat the price.
However, it doesn't get any more convenient than this.
If you are debating the "necessity", don't be mislead; buy it.
I can see where the other poster is coming from with the handy chop stick tip.
To that I just have to say: I could also make a fire with two sticks, but why???.
Pasta (of any kind) cooks great, vegatables, potatoes, you name it.
Over the years I have lost some of the accessories for it but still have the pot, basket and lid.
I think it is time for a new one!.
This cooker works as well as our last cooker for cooking rice; we have never used them for pasta.
The handles are a little tight so not sure how long they will last.
Our last cooker had to be replaced because one of the handles broke.
This peice is very good and rice cooks very fastly and also nicely.It comes with an additional basket for vegetables which is very nice.
I bought this pretty much exclusively to cook sweet (aka sticky or glutinous) rice.
Again, I let the rice simply sit for 20 minutes before opening the lid.
I had this set a while back and lost the outer pot in a move.
I loved this thing but I forgot the name, etc.
After years of doing without it I finally have it back.
Normally I steam rice in a bamboo steamer but it takes a long time and you have to soak rice etc.
For the whole brown rice with the bran intact this cuts down cooking time & effort in half.
That is the only thing that would make it absolutely perfect!.
It works even without the steamer basket or the small round steamer insert.
It does a good job of steaming potatoes and raw vegies well and it's so easy to clean.
Bought this as a gift for a college freshman and she loves it.
They can use it to cook almost anything in the microwave.
I use it to make Mac&Cheese.; I use it to make pasta.
I've used it to make rice or Ramen.
I use it virtually anytime I have something I want to microwave that doesn't go on a plate or in a single serve bowl.
Or you can put a little bit of water in the bottom and steam things, which works well.
While I can cook following my own experience and cookbooks, I'm never exactly sure how the inner lid is supposed to be used.
And so far, the 1-cup amount of long grain brown rice I've cooked has turned out just fine.
The first time, I cooked the water at 100% for 5 minutes like another reviewer suggested, then added the rice and finished it at 70%.
I got a small amount of spillage on the microwave turntable, but nothing a quick swipe of a sponge wouldn't take care of.
The second time, I started the rice cold and cooked at 70% for the entire 30 minutes; same thing.
I especially like the pasta drainer insert, because I can use it as a colander when I'm washing up veggies in the sink.
That's what we had for lunch, and it was simple, cheap, and yummy.
Moving into our RV I wanted to learn some microwave meal options.
I purchased this item thinking it would suck, but it was only $15 so the price was worth testing.
Second was steam fresh veggies and these came out awesome.
Then the real test for me was rice.
Using 1 1/2 Cups Jasmine Rice, 2 1/2 Cups Water, Salt to Taste.
I'm very happy with this gadget and was pleasantly surprised.
I have one of these and it's many, years old.
All I have left is the bowl and the lid ( have no idea where the other pieces went to ).
I cook potato casseroles in it too - the boxed kind and home made.
I have a very low wattage microwave and start with 3 min.
on 5 for rice - no over flow and perfect rice.
And I always cook boxed casseroles lower than the directions say because of over flow.
I love this dish because of the high sides and use it for many frozen vegies too.
I have never cooked pasta in but after reading all the reviews, I will now.
I never make rice on the stove and always use the microwave.
This product offers a much larger capacity than my Pampered Chef brand so i can double the recipe without spillover.
I keep two or three of these on hand.
They are an excellent inexpensive gift when you visit someone.
And for some people, those are both challenging endeavors, and I hate rice when not done properly.
There are very few products for which I will give a five star recommendation.
I received this cooker many years ago as a gift and did not use it at first.
This little microwave pot does it exactly right.
I have steamed vegetables in it, cooked pasta, and of course loads of sticky rice.
If you follow the instructions, you really can't screw up with this one.
I did learn to set my microwave at 70-80% before cooking or the rice would boil over and leave a sticky mess in the microwave.
Definately a must have for any kitchen that needs fast, healthy meals m/ a microwave.
Love this item, I use along with the sushi maker, easy to use and easy clean up, life can't get any easier.
I don't cook rice all that often, so I've only used it once for that and followed the guidelines given with the cooker.
I've used it many times for potatoes, broccoli, butternut squash, and apples.
In all cases, I wash the vegetable or fruit thoroughly, don't bother to pat it dry, and then cook it without adding any additional water.
You don't need to add any more water, because this is a steamer.
In the case of squash I peel and remove seeds and cut it up.
Whether I cut up other things depends on what I am using it for after cooking.
Then I microwave on high until the food is cooked.
I usually use the basket insert, and pull that out, drain any liquid out of the cooker.
There usually isn't a lot.With the apples, I mash them in the cooker, skin and all, and make applesauce.
It doesn't take much, because I don't want it super sweet.
I also usually add cinnamon and freshly-grated nutmeg.
For all of these, you have only 3 or 4 pieces to wash.
No big kettle and hot water to deal with.
I was so impressed I bought each of my sister's one.The cooker is easy to clean and I use it frequently.
Let it clog up someone else's kitchen cabinet! Meanwhile I will be using my rice cooker!.
I had bought another type that didn't have the strainer and didn't fit one whole box of pasta.
For the price you truly get a lot.
So easy to clean and fits in any microwave.
I have a medium sized one and it fits with space to spare.
I bought this many years ago , at lease a dozen, at Walmart.
I didn't have it long when the locking handles broke, but that's never been a problem.
I lift it by the built in ones.
I do use it constantly to steam vegetables.
It does a fast, great job, and lifting out the steamer insert drains them.
I steam regular and sweet potatoes and they cook very fast (7 min for average, longer for large).
I'm ordering a new one because mine is showing it's age, not because it's no longer useful.
When I changed my diet a while back, I knew rice would be an important factor in it.
So I found this rice cooker on amazon.
Used it two nights ago and was very pleased with it.
Followed the directions, made the amount of rice I wanted and then added my vegetables to it after it set some.
Perfect !!!! A delicious meal for me :)))) A very,very good buy !!!!.
I have enjoyed using this for rice, but the pasta was a bit of a bummer on my first try.
Now I can't find the booklet, so I forgot how much rice to water to use....no biggie.
Unit comes with every thing you need for cooking rice, pasta, and steaming vegetables.
Nested storage [space is a premium in RV].
but the steamer is exactly what I wanted.
The steamer is lightweight, the locking lid feature is handy when moving it in and out of the microwave, and it's easy to clean.
I put it into the dishwasher on the top rack with no heat.
I COOK in my microwave, not just heat/reheat food most times because I don't like heating up the kitchen using the electric stove and oven.
With this 100+ degree heatwave our power grid has been stressed requiring limited electric usage from 3-7 PM each day to avoid brownouts/blackouts.
So dinner is either a cold meal or something that can be made in the microwave.
As usual I came to Amazon for ideas and help, a reviewer was kind enough to scan and post them for us to use.
This is sooo worth having and giving it a try.
You'll use less electricity and not heat up your house while trying to stay cool and eat a decent meal.
With high electricity costs eating out isn't an option.
You can't beat the price for all the items you receive in this set.
It definitely is a must have for the microwave cook!.
My main inspiration for this was the pasta cooking ability, though it does much more.
But after trying things likePasta N Moreetc., this is far superior.
Put the inner lid over the basket, then the locking cover.
No waiting for water to boil, no oil or salt to add, just remove the lid lift the basket, your automatic strainer, and serve.
Microwave a mug of sauce, and you're done.
Easiest cleanup.There's also the option to steam vegetables with an insert, and of course, rice.
Also comes with 6 measuring cups, 4 measuring spoons, rice paddle and a nifty spaghetti measurer.At the list price, it's a bargain.
But currently part of the 4 for 3 deal.
But 3 get one free, mix and match products.
No brainer gifts for not just yourself, but great for students etc.
Got mine at a kitchen store for less than $10.
Beyond the rice cooker you get a strainer for pasta, a rack for steaming, a pasta measurer, measuring cups and spoons and a rice paddle.
The "extras" alone would cost $10 and would come in handy for someone without an already "set up" kitchen.
So far we made rice and pasta in the gadget.
Both were very easy to make and both came out great.
Rice has to be hydrated so you don't save a lot of time.
What you do save is worry as you just put it into the micro, set it and forget it.
Unlike our regular rice cooker, there is no burnt bottom and clean up was simple.
I have only made "single servings" of pasta but the cooker did a great job.
The openings on the strainer are a bit large so don't shake your spaghetti too vigorously as some may slip out.
Have not steamed veggies yet.It isn't tiny so it may not fit in a super compact micro.
We have a 1200 (or is it 1300?) watt oven so we need to cook the rice at 70% power to prevent over boil.
It is made of plastic so don't do any cooking with oil in it as oil heats more than water and will melt the thing.
In fact, I would probably NOT use it to complete meals in it.
I would only use it to make rice, pasta and steam stuff.A great deal.
Useful, even if you have a regular kitchen.
I am buying my 3rd one of these.
it did great for over 5 years - and this last issue was my error.
rice is always perfect - never mushy etc.
i cook basmati rice in it - 13 min on high - 1 cup rice, 2 1/2 cups water, dash of salt.
I never thought this would solve all my problems.
I use mine for everything from steaming vegetables to cooking steel cut oats and other grains.
There is little that can go wrong with the cooker.
The lid fits tightly and the basket increases the options for using the cooker.
I wish it was sold by Amazon with measuring cups and spoons as I already have both.
However, the price is good and I find Progressive products hold up quite well, so I will pass the measuring devices on to someone else.
Great bargain for the many components you receive, even though I would have been happy with just the main container and rice spoon.
We have not tried it to make pasta yet.
It makes perfect basmati rice in the microwave: 20 minutes for 3 cups rice + 4.5 cups water.
It has been used and washed a few times now and is still in great condition.
I bought this just for the microwave steamer function.
This one is very similar and I expect it will be just as durable.
The measuring spoons and cups were a useful little bonus.
My last product like this lasted 10 years and this one looks like a better quality product.
It's big enough to cook 3 large stuffed artichokes or a bunch of broccoli.
This works for steaming not for pasta so for that i give it four stars since i have steamed more vegies since i got it.
This little gadget is the best cooking item I have ever owned.
I recommend it for anyone and everyone.Update 2012: Sadly our microwave steamer now awaits a recycling facility.
I really don't believe it's the manufacturer's fault, rather ours for not adjusting the cooking times.
From now on we'll either cut cooking times by 30% or cook with the sensor.
I had to have this set as my Mom has it and it works great for veggies.
Very good set of basic tools for the kitchen.
I have used this to cook rice with excellent results.
I haven't used it to cook pasta, but I am confident that it would be easy.
The set includes everything you need to make several easy dishes in the microwave.
Whether you are a homemaker or a college student, this will change the way you do things and make dinner a lot easier to prepare.
It is fool-proof for making rice, but I use it for steaming and blanching vegetables a lot, too.
You can also make any sorts of microwavable rice meals, too.
Everyone tells me later they weren't sure they'd use it at first, but loved it as soon as they did.
I am actually on my second one, we used it so much.
The measuring cups and other accessories are still very much used here, too.
The spoons are standard and only go down to 1/4 tsp., if that helps anyone to know.
I make rice while I am doing other things in the kitchen.
Great way to make perfect rice every time (or other grains), without having to employ a stand-alone rice cooker.
I've had a microwave steamer for over 20 years, but with age and use the old steamer finally needed replacing.
I selected this unit due to the low cost.
I was surprised at the quality of the product.
I have not used it for cooking pasta and probably won't, but for veggies it works great.
My only complaint about this product is that it stained the first time I used it.
I steamed Sweet Potatoes with water and the pot now has a orange discoloration ring inside.
I tried to clean it but the ring would not come out.
Have not cooked rice or pasta with it.
Ihave never been able to cook rice well.It turned out the best rice I have everhad.
I wasn't expecting much because theprice was so low.
It is justone of the best values ever.
The problem was, being only 6 cups, I couldn't keep rice around.
This one is big enough to make my rice and stash the rest in the frig.
Each day, I just pull it out and pop it in the nuker to re-heat it.
It works great!If you're even thinking about this cooker, think no more! Just get it.
The price is right, Amazon's got you covered and you're gonna love it!.
I use this almost exclusively for preparing homemade french fries.
I like to blanch my fries before deep frying and this has helped cut initial prep time down to a few minutes.
The result is individual fries of consistent size that cook at the same speed.
I love this!  We had one years ago when I was growing up, dont know what ever happened to it.
But this one is surprisingly sturdy, that was my only concern when I purchased it.
I bought this on a whim and I totally loved it.It easily cuts potatoes and it easily sets up and breaks down for cleaning.
I am not very strong in the arms and yet I find I am able to cut the 'taters' with this very easily.
If you have large potato you will have to cut it into smaller sizes in order to fit into this cutter.
That is the only con that I can share with you.If you make french fries or sweet potato fries, this is the tool to use.
We do parboil our sweet potatos before cutting them.This is one item I would buy again if we were to lose this one.Enjoy.
I got this for my darling and he loves it so much.
When I see him use it I'm smiling at him, and I can see that the Potato he's pushing through it is smiling at me.
Thank you Progressive International, I'm going to tell my darling to try out some other vegetables as well.
It really does work well as an inexpensive fry cutter as long as you don't try to slice too many fries at one time.
Small or medium sized potatoes, or big potatoes pre-cut in chucks will slice relatively easily, just don't try to slice too much at a time.
best thing to do with it when cutting potatoes, is do it in one big push.
Large cutter is easier to use than small slotted one.
it's my first one of these, so I wanted to try an inexpensive one.
Well, this one is pretty good & I'd buy it agani.
You would not want to use this in a commercial setting but works well at home.
Handle is strong enough to make fries out of raw potato.The only issue is that it's a little shallow.
You have to cut the potatoes in half or they won't fit length wise.
So the vegetables come out a little on the short side.
This is an excellent cutter, that comes with several different size blade fittings (for thinner or thicker fries).
It makes the joy of fresh cut fries accessible to more people - so please skip the frozen fries and give yourself a real treat!.
Have never been happier with any Gadget purchase.
Was a little skeptical after reading some reviews, but figured I'd try it & if NG, Amazon's return policy had me covered.
If you love your husband (family) and they love fries, make your life easy & buy this item.
On the few occasions I want french fries, I don't want frozen, and I don't want the hassle of cutting potatoes with a knife.
This is not a commercial or heavy duty french fry cutter, but for me this is good enough.
Almost five years later, it's still going strong, This is a lightweight cutter and I have absolutely no complaints.
Blades are still sharp and it still works perfectly.
Makes great french fries! We tend to buy smaller size potatoes for fries anyway so this works perfect.
Strange to me because growing up these were in all the stores! Anyway, happy with purchase.
Not sturdy enough to do a whole potato, I highly advise larger potatoes be quartered before use in this cutter.
Other than that, I like it, it does the job, and is easy to use and clean.
In the pic it looks like it is very large but it is not.
I had purchased some small potatoes and I still need to cut the ends off of the potatoes for them to fit.
When the potato is too large it can get stuck in the blades which can be hard to remove.
We love this cutter as it saves time of trying to cut potatoes by hand.
My family loves homemade french fries and this makes it so convenient.
Love the fact that it comes with 2 different size cutters for smaller veggies too.
Very easy to clean and would reccommend this product.
I have used this french fry cutter numerous times without any problems.
It is of good quality and fairly easy to clean after use.
great for cutting potatoes into fries.makes it much easier than just using a knife.would reccomend this to french fry lovers.
First off, I really didn't need a vegetable/french fry cutter.
However, every time I login to Amazon, I am presented with this thing as a "suggestion." I have no idea why.
So, after a few months, I decide to buy this thing and see if it is worth all the hype.
This thing makes french fries like Louis XIV himself (and a handy guillotine-action to boot!).
I purchased this cutter to use for a party.
I also purchased 60 pounds of potatoes and 5 gallons of rendered horse fat.
The french say that horse fat makes the best french fries.
and I don't want to hear any whining about the poor horses, they are raised for this just like cows.
Anyway, I made up a huge batch of frenchie potatoes and they were magnificent.
My guests all commented about how evenly they were slice.
Okay, kidding about that, nobody seemed to care.
I guess it is good for french fries though.
It has 2 different size blades and cartridges that push the items through the blades.
Makes very nice shoestring fries and is very simple to use.
One major plus in my mind, is the fact that it comes apart quickly and easily for cleaning.
I like the cutter very much, but is is a little flimsy, although it does the job.
I had an old french fry cutter that I finally tossed because it was rusty (yuck).
I got this one, and have to say that I am very happy with it.
I am surprised that some people wrote that it takes quite a bit of force.
I was expecting it to take some muscle, so I put my potato in there and gave it a hefty pull.
The potato went through like butter and flew halfway across the counter.
I didn't hardly use any force on the next spud, and it went through like butter again.
In fact, I prefer the shorter, stumpier fries.
They look more homemade and fit on a plate better.
I get fast, easy to use French Fry Cutter.
I can make up French Fries quickly as well very clean looking frys.
I bought this when I bought my Deep Fryer.
And as always Amazon.Com came through for me.
I recently acquired a deep frying and had extra potatoes lying around.
I shopped online for fry cutters and most the heavy-duty ones are 4x more expensive.
Since I do not cut fries often, I opted to try this one, even though it's plastic.Well this thing cuts fries like it should.
I don't know how long it'll last, but I'm sure it's long enough that I'll get my money's worth.
The only (minor) complaint I have is the ability to cut potatoes into smaller pieces.
Using the smaller blade cartridge, my fries still comes out larger than I want, but it's not a big deal.
Just wish I could get it to the size of McDonalds or In-N-Out.
So, I bought this little cutter and, once I figured out how it worked, I made my first batch of French fries.
My wife and I flipped out after we tried them and we'll never go back to the hand-cut kind.
They fried evenly, had a good color and tasted heavenly.
I have since used this cutter for squash and carrots to make my salads look more attractive.
I am very pleased with this simple but effective tool and recommend it highly to anyone who enjoys cooking as much as I do.
I make fries all the time and this cut down my time.
I did need a little muscle to get the potatoes through, but it was worth it.
The vegies cut easy and it is just a great product.
If you can fit it in the cutter, it'll slice it.
It does take a sturdy hand to press the bar down, but nothing my ten year old hasn't been able to cut.
I would say, consider the density of the food item before selecting the size of cutting grate.
The denser the vegetable, the more force it's going to take to press the cutting bar down through a small grate.
You may have to adjust the thickness of the cut based on your ability and strength to press the bar down.
I can't tell you why it works so much better on these dense food items, maybe the blades are sharper.
So, consider what you're going to use this Progressive slicer for, in most cases, it's the right answer.
I personally have two choppers, the "Alligator onion chopper" for onions and diced/shoe string potatoes, and this "Progressive Cutter" for all other applications.
How wonderful! I hated cutting potatoes into fries by use of a knife.
This little gadget is easy and fun to use.
My kids took turns pulling on the lever.
The potatoes I had were the smaller ones from a five pound bag, so they were super easy to cut.
Now if I could only find an equally great and inexpensive device to peel potatoes.
I have used this for potatoes to cut French fries a few times and it works very well.
Even though it has plastic on the device, it seems to be pretty sturdy.
For $12, I'm stunned by what I got.
Sometimes you get more than you pay for.
Really, this is a very tough little tool that should cost more.
I like the fact that it has 2 sizes but I only use the smaller one.
It helps if you do something to soften your potatoes up first.
Just enough to soften them up a bit.
And that's what is needed to make french fries so pleasant and fun to eat.
I have used this product twice and I learned something you should know.
The First time I used it I used the large fry cutter already installed in the machine.
It was very effective, but a little larger in size than I wanted.
The inside of the fry was "acceptable" but a little mushy unless I over-browned my fry.
I changed cutters to the smaller size and tried again.
I was able to push the potato only about 1" into the cutter.
I pushed, pounded, wiggled and pulled the potato back out.
I inserted half of the potato back into the machine, gave it a normal push and out squirted the  potato perfectly cut.
The second half of the potato passed thought just as quickly.
This cutter will do the job correctly if you will settle for making two one second pushes of the handle instead on one.
For the price you can not beat it.
I have had my French fry cutter for several years now & I use it every time I make fries.
I just bought another one from amazon as a gif for my mother-in-law who has a large family.
She is going to love hers as much as I love mine.
I use it to cut fries and onions.
It's mostly plastic, but it's fine for light home use.
It's great for cutting onions!  Just peel an onion, half it and put it on this cutter.
One pull of the lever and you have an instant diced onion!  No tears at all!.
I've been trying to improve my kids diet - this easily cut potatos into fry size which I oven baked and the kids gobbled up.
Unforunately I also wanted to make sweet potato fries - but there was no way this tool could cut through them.
I really get use out of this cutter.
The only drawback is a bit of difficulty to track down some small pieces of potato that hides in the grooves for the side slides.
Deep fried or pan fried they remind me of my time digging tators as a child on the farm.
I hestitated about buying this thing, but I tried it and my new DeLonghi rotofryer(from Amazon) and I tell you that you won't beat it.
It is amazing how fast cooking and prep time are shortened with the RIGHT tools in the kitchen.
We have used it on different foods and it always works great.
My son bought me a GE Deep Fryer for Christmas (could this have been a hint about his food preferences?).
The fries were a big hit with Mike and our dinner guests.
After learning about our dinner, my mom bought this gadget for my cooking buddy, and he thinks it's the greatest thing since his xbox live.
It doesn't bother us to cut the potatoes in half when we're making french fries.
It's much quicker and whole lot more fun to cut them with our newest gadget.
Unless you're cooking for a huge crowd, this could be all the cutter you need.
I love the product and use it 2-3 times a week.
It slices Yukon gold potatoes with lots of effort.
Love to use it to cut french fries.
It is easy to clean and makes cutting potatoes so easy.
You need to put a little bit of force on it to get a potato to go through, but the device can take it.
In my quest to cut potatoes into french fries without removing any of my fingers, I picked up this international and progressive French fry cutter.
Now I am not sure what makes this cutter international or progressive, but it does cut.
The size of the unit is somewhat smaller than I would have preferred which results in somewhat smaller fries.
However, the cutter performs the task fairly well.
Although the grip is made for one hand, be prepared to have your other hand close to give it a err...hand.
Quite a bit of force is required to complete the cutting task.
Even my husband likes the way it cuts and it is easy to use and clean.
If they're too big, I just cut them in half first.
I like how easily the different plates can be changed.I will second all of the reviews that said this thing takes strength.
If you make fries very often, I would go ahead and splurge and get a more quality unit.
But this one will definitely do the trick.
Cutter works as advertised: Fast, easy blade change, and easy clean up etc.
I made a batch of Hash Browns with onions & peppers in a flash!Neg: Must use no larger than medium potato.
(Really no big deal, just halve or quarter the larger ones.)Haven't tried sweet potatoes (have my doubts).
Works like a champ!  We like to make our own fried veggies.
Will experiment with many more roots/squash now that we have this little gadget.
Wonderful for stir fry veggies!  For the price.
I usually only treat my family to french fries about once a month.
This cutter shortens the time to less than five minutes and is pretty much a safer alternative.However, it does have a few issues.
This issue is usually caused by a tough potato.I do have a few tips to make your french fry cutting experience a pleasant one.
First, use red potatoes, the smaller ones cut the best.
If you prefer russets, cut them in half or even quarters.
Yes, it is a bit of work but will make the fry making easier.
For the price this thing is really good.
I looked all over and all the other fry cutters are really expensive for a kitchen gadget that turns vegetables into little squares.
I lost a wonderful french fry cutter in the flood from hurricane sandy, along with most of my home.
Granted not as good as the one I lost.
That one I had purchased at a dollar store for only $4.
The store is no longer in business and they discontinued that cutter.
So, I came to my favorite place to shop and found this one.
You do however, have to cut the potato in half lengthwise or it will jam in the cutter.
The cutter is not high enough to cut a whole potato at once.
I have cut the potatoes with this cutter, then sauteed them in olive oil, garlic powder, onion powder, and grated cheese.
They came out better than anything I could cut by hand.
Buy this cutter if you like perfectly cut potatoes.Ralph.
The sweet potatoes were also so much larger and longer that I had to cut them into 1/4ths just to get them to fit.
The front blade enclosure pops out for washing or into the dish washer.
It easily cuts through large potatoes to made tasty fries.
A must have product if you get a deep fryer.
I waited about a year to review this product because I wanted to see if it would last a year--it did.
I want to point out that this is a home sized potato and vegetable cutter.
It makes great french fries and is a helpful onion cutter.
It is not difficult to clean.However, it is a smaller sized cutter.
After reading all the reviews, both negative and positive I went ahead a purchased this fine cutter.
It is, indeed, a great french fry cutter.
I have used both the 1/2" and 1/4" cutters.
I have used Russet potatoes, and Yukon Gold.
I cut the Russet in half which gives me several inches of length.
The 1/4" cutter takes more strength to push down.
I do cut both ends off the potato to make it easier to cut, and push down with a swift, hard push.
I wash the potatoes in cold running water, and dry in a cloth kitchen towel.
I use a T-fal fryer with only 1/2tb of oil for 20 min.
Excellent fries, though not quite McDonald's, but close.
The cutter does need some strength to push down.
It is sturdy, if the suction plate is properly sealed so it does not move.
The potatoes will fly out, so have a towel to catch them.
All in all you can't beat this for price and sturdiness if the instructions are followed.
The more expensive cutters have a larger lever that aids the cutting, but is it worth a whole lot more?.
My wife was cutting potatoes and sweet potatoes by hand to make fries but I found this on amazon.
I surprised her with it and she was a little apprehensive at first but used it the first time and loved it.
It cut down cutting time and is easy to clean up.
Wish it fit longer potatoes, Texas spuds are huge.
Easy fix just cut the potato to fit.
I bought this item more than 8 years ago.
You have to cut the potatoes to a smaller size to fit.
But not a big sacrifice to get perfect fries everytime.
Take it a part, rinse the pieces and pop into the diswasher on the top rack.
Works very good as long as you use small potatoes.Med/large potatoes will not fit unless you cut them, giving yousmaller fries.
I thought the blades might break easily, but was surprised how easily they slip through when you cut the potatoes say in half.
I don't deep fry fries, my husband is a heart patient.Update 11/27/09Still using it and still love it.
I gave my son one from Harbor Freight, but his broke shortly after I gave it to him.
I purchased this item because I have a hard time cutting potatoes to make french fries.
So I thought this item might help me in resolving that issue.
This is a nice item, it comes with 2 different cutters & cutting blocks for small fries, or larger fries.
Otherwise this is a great item and I hope to be able to use it for quite awhile.
I hate having to try and cut potatoes to make french fries with a knife, so this little item helps to elminate that problem.
I would purchase this item again, and for $12 what do you have to lose?.
I use it all the time to make homemade fries.
It is easy to use and easy to wash.
I bought mine after I bought one for my daughter.
She enjoyed hers so much that I bought one for myself.
I'll admit that sometimes it does take a little muscle but I thought that maybe my blades were getting dull after 5 years.
And keep in mind that sweet potatoes are a little harder than russet.
Also when inserting the blades make sure that the open of the plastic holder is facing the potato for more strength.
The only negative I can think of is that it makes it way too easy to eat fried foods.
I bought the Progressive International Slicer several years ago at a local home show for significantly more than is selling on Amazon.
It sat on a shelf for months until I was in charge of crudit&eacute;s for a large party.
I pulled out the slicer and used it for every veggie in the house: carrots, cukes, zucchini, even stacks of bell pepper slices.
Everyone at the dinner party was impressed by the equal sizes of all the veggies and it made for a beautiful tray.
After that I gave the slicer another chance.
So what if the fries are smaller?  If you buy large russets, cutting in half will give you a huge amount of fries for two.
I rinse and chill the sticks after cutting, coat in olive oil and seasoning and bake at 450 until brown and crispy.
This is very practical when you feel like french fries.
It has two blades that either cut the potatoes thinly, or thicker if that's what you prefer.
My only complaints are only small potatoes fit this, and the blades could be sharper.
Otherwise, if you have small potatoes and have strong arms, there is no better way to convert the potato into wedges to be french fried.
I re-read the reviews and someone suggested cutting the potato so it lays flat.
I have used the large cutter blade, but we prefer the size fries the smaller blade makes.
I have now found this a very useful item and its very easy to clean.
Cheap, small, and easy to clean.However, it is fairly small.
My wife has had a White Mountain Apple Peeler and Corer and it broke after many many years of use.
When I purchased this item, and received it.
It was better that the one we used to have and also came with an extra cutting blade.
Hello to my Future Apple Pies : &#62;).
It does a good job on a nice firm apple but if it is slightly soft things go bad.
The apples fall apart and the peeling process becomes uneven.
I also have trouble with attaching it to different surfaces.
Sometimes you have to add a cutting board (on top) or a piece of wood under the table for it to tighten properly.
On a good day it makes apple preparation go so fast it's amazing.
I have used this on over 100 pounds of apples for canning and applesauce.
Two things are annoying, hence 4 stars instead of 5.
When it begins to get juicy, the clamp sometimes slips on the counter.
If the apple core is not centered in your apple, it's a big mess, so eat those apples instead of using them with the machine.
Otherwise, this works perfectly, and makes canning and cooking apples so much more &#34;appealing.&#34;.
this is a great peeler and corer we made a lot of apple sauce and juice and some pies.
I had mine for 20 years and it recently broke.
But heck, that's pretty good lifetime for this sort of gadget.On the downside, when I got it, it didn't peel very well.
But after fiddling with the alignment of the blade it worked great.
In addition with rough sided home grown apples, it can skip some of the peel.
If you guide the cutter with your free hand it does most of the peel.
Then a sharp bird's beak knife finishes the job in one or two swipes.For one apple it's not worth the cleanup vs a knife.
For a pie with 6 to 8 apples it's wonderful.
All the slices are even so the pie cooks evenly.I'll be buying a second one.
(mine is the clamp version and I just clamp it to my pull out cutting board.).
Put an apple on the end, turn the crank, and you have an apple that is peeled, cored, and sliced.
I use it to make apples for pie filling and it takes me half the time now.
I have had three of this type of peeler/corer/slicer.
The first was this one (The Pampered Chef Apple Peeler/corer/slicer) purchased probably at least 12 years ago which is now getting a bit dull.
I do a lot of chunky applesauce, and the peeling/coring/slicing (especially the slicing) is very handy.
They do have their problems, though:-  The slicing blades aren't long enough.
Apples aren't all alike, and it's a little hard to make sure that you have the apple on the prongs straight.
It does all that it says it does as well as can be expected.
I purchased this through Amazon with full knowledge that there were some 'bugs'.
Progressive does send an extra blade with the peeler/corer and the blade is fairly easy to adjust.
I do have difficulty trying to 'center' the item being cored.
I wish the mechanism would hinge up (as a stand mixer might).
It is very easy to use and makes peeling and coring an apple a breeze.
I findmyself eating more apples because of the ease of using the peeler / corer.
This has made making apple dishes so much quicker.
Takes only a few minutes to do ten apples, peeled, evenly sliced and ready for cooking.
this thing is a worthwhile investment if you ever make apple pie or apple sauce or apple butter from scratch.
I've had several of these throughout the years and now that I got into canning again I needed another one.
The price was right and hubby did an experiment that he had found on youtube.
As I write this review I'm eating a cup of warm applesauce my Mom made with apples she peeled, sliced, and cored with this product.
My elderly Mother loves this product, and I feel like she is MUCH safer with this product than with paring knife.
The suction cups work fine on top of any smooth surface (like my table or flat topped stove).
You will never regret it!7/26/2008: Update - Still love it and highly recommend it!.
This will peel, core and slice an apple in a few seconds (like 5!).
I dehydrate a lot: this is the PERFECT companion.Note: you need a solid fruit to work well: over-ripe, soft apples don't work.
And ripe pairs are a no-go.I've never tried it on a banana.
I got this on a lark at a food show.
It just looked like fun to do with kids watching.
Little did I realized just how quickly you can peel, slice and core 20 big apples for my dehydrator.
This little gem is a real time saver and makes even slices.
I wish there was a way to make the slices adjustable.
They are plenty thin and probably speed the drying process.
I borrowed this item from a neighbor, and loved it so much that I bought two for myself.
In season we dehydrate and can tons (sure seems like it!) of fruit using this time-saving tool.
My hubby uses it and I do the rest.
So far we've used it on apples, pears and potatoes.
I process a bushel of apples every fall into applesauce so this gadget really helps me save time in hand peeling.
It works, but I think that it could work better.
When beginning to turn it, I find myself having to push on the blade to get a good peel going.
I don't think the arm is heavy enough and doesn't press against the apple like it could.
I find that it skips here and there and that I have to go back and repeel some times.
A heck of a lot better than peeling by hand.
Both work great for peeling & coring apples.
This is very similar to the more expensive Pampered Chef apple peeler.
You can peel and slice apples in no time with this handy device.
It is simple to put together, and easy to clean.
In a manner of minutes you can slice enough apples for a pie, cobbler, or your favorite fried apple dish.
This is so much easier than slicing and then peeling the apples.
Its great for making snacks for those who hate apple peels.
This will help you make uniform cuts so everything looks nice as well as it tasting great.
I have had a Progressive International Apple Peeler and Corer for 20 years.
I love mine, so I bought one for my daughter-in-law.
(The blade is different on the new ones.) This product lasts a LONG time and does it's job well.
This apple peeler/corer is well made and a cinch to use.
It will peel any firm fruit or veggie that will hold on the three spikes for that purpose.
Sadly, it doesn't peel oranges which should not discourage anyone from buying one.
Haven't tried it with mangoes yet, but plan to soon.
Really nice, quality spoon rest with plenty of room for different sized cooking utensils.
My only problem with it..and the reason I knocked off a star is..Amazon sent me a damaged one and it's not worth sending back.
Its staineless steel and big enough for two utensils to rest there.
I keep it on my stove at all times so I love it.
Very nice spoon rest, won't break,very good looking and large enough for any spoon to fit in it.
great for larger items like wood spoons too.
This spoon rest looks great in the kitchen and does it's job well.
It's a great size, not too big and not too small.
Very easy to wipe clean, wash by hand or in the dishwasher.
I used to use ceramic spoon rests but the husband kept on breaking them.
I'm glad to finally have something that will last for a long time and look great too!.
This is THE best spoon rest!  It will accommodate any cooking utensil -- large or small.
It goes into the dishwasher and comes out looking shinny and new.
It sits on my counter next to the stove, looks great and is always ready for use.
I'm going to order three more for Christmas presents.
Also, really hot utensils have impacted the plastic.
We are sure that won't happen with this well designed and stylish sppon rest.
Does what it's supposed to do and looks very nice, too.
We have two of them, one on each side of the stove.
I was getting tired of resting the spoons and other cooking utensils on the counter top or in a bowl.
It came in on time and had a nice weight to it.
It definitely seems as if it will last a while! There were some comments on water stains, which is common for most things.
I just hand wash it and air dry it with the concave side upside down so all the water runs off.
I don't have a lot of problems with it, if at all, and am pretty happy with the purchase!.
I love stainless steel in my kitchen, and this is no exception.
The stainless finish makes it very arractive and so much better looking than most kitchy-looking spoon holders.
Altho this is more of a utensil holder...its big.
Its a great fit for wooden spoons, the heat-resistant spatulas, large spoons..etc.
It will even accomodate ladles altho they pretty much rest on it, as opposed to rest in it.This unit is sturdy and weighty.
It doesnt move around or tip when you put on a utensil.
The spoon rest is large and works well.
It cleans up with no problem and looks pretty good.
Don't know how I got by without it.
Product is exactly as pictured and arrived in record time.
It's a very strong magnet so no chance of it falling off and getting lost.
Great to have right at your fingertips, easy to read highly helpful when dividing or multiplying a recipe.
This is the third one we have purchased.
Nice little quick reference that takes up no space and is always easy to locate.
If you bake/cook primarily by measure, these are indispensable.
This is a very useful refrigerator magnet on several levels.
When cooking, it's easy to glance at the magnet for quick conversions.
The metallic look is very nice and it's easy to clean.
My only complaint is the magnet strength is very high, so it's difficult to pry off the fridge.
Someone else mentioned that the milliliter conversion was a little off and they are right.
For me it's not that big of a deal and I'm sure I can just use ounces or cups in those cases.
I have had this magnet for several years and still rely on it heavily.
I frequently use it in baking to adjust recipes, and I really appreciate the simplicity of it.
There's really not much else to say about it other than it does its job and I love it!.
I have purchased so many spatulas over time.
my father bought one of these about 7 years ago, and it's fantastic.
I just recently bought 2 more since I get annoyed when my only one is in the dishwasher.
Now I'm set!  The only complaint I may have, and this is really about that 7 year old one.
I haven't actually tried these new ones yet.
But when flipping eggs, sometimes the egg seams to stick to the Spatula.
But still overall the best I have used.
I've been looking for a turner that will allow me to flip eggs without breaking the yokes.
I saw this and the price was right, so gave it a shot.
The extra width comes in very helpful to keep eggs from falling off.The handle is stainless and sturdy.
It's not the most comfortable handle I've used, but it does not cause a problem either.
Can't speak to longevity as of yet, but so far it's been a winner.
I actually have several turners/flippers/spatulas by Amco and if I had to pick only one this one would be it.
It is really a great shape for doing everything from eggs, to pancakes, burgers - I really can't think of much it can't handle.
Has a nice hole in the handle for hanging but this one lives in the crock right next to the stove with the "essentials".Highly recommended.
Solid handle, hasn't rusted even though my kids always leaving it in a puddle after they wash it.
Seems to be well made, and frankly is a lot more than I expected given the low price.
This is my favorite flipper! The metal innards keep it from snapping and the nylon end keeps it from scratching nonstick pans.
It cost a lot, but I've snapped several plastic spatulas.
I won't be going back to that junk - it's penny wise, pound foolish.
I didn't think about that when I purchased them.
I'm about to replace this wide one with another, which I've had for years and it's finally developing a few nicks on the edge.
Most who review these Amco spatulas rave about how wonderfully thin their edges are.
I use it 'upside down', so it flexes the edge a bit.
Trying to find a good spatula online is difficult.
I bought three of this series from this company and I LOVE them.
They are strong, thick (not flimsy), heat well.
The handles are metal so they don't break or melt.
Its construction and quality for an item under $6 is outstanding.
I have 4 of these and use them for all kinds of cooking.
They are great for stir fry and the flat handle fits in any drawer.
I've had this spatula since August this year and it has become possibly my most used utensil.
I think it is a great little addition to my kitchen, and well worth the few dollars I paid for it.
I've been looking for a good spatula to use with my non-stick pans for a long time and I think I've found one.
I had to pay more to get it...the cheap ones just don't last.
They burn easily and begin to fray around the edges.
This one is much tougher and it handles high temperatures quite well.
I needed a spatula that did not bend easily at the arm like many of mine did that came with cookware sets.
This is very sturdy and the wide blade is perfect for many uses.
There are no signs of wear and tear after 3 months.
I don't think I'll need a new spatula for years.
This is a perfect spatula for turning large items on your Teflon coated pans, of removing grilled sandwiches from your counter top grill.
I store my cooking utensils in a merry-go-round so they are quickly available when I need them.
Most of the utensils I had before had round handles and took up so much room.
I like the flat handles on this because they don't take up more room and you are able to store more utensils in the carrier.
When I saw this cute tool and read the high ratings, I gave it one last try and am thrilled I did.
There is some flex in the turner, also, and really effects a perfect &#34;flip&#34;! Added bonus....this is very cute!.
I have bought several new spatulas recently all plastic for use with my non stick cookware.
This one is great and meets my needs.
If you hang these you can double or triple up these.
I have not had any issues with heat transfer either.
I am not overly fond of the curved end.
but I have other spatulas for when I need a straight edge.
A spatula either does a good job or doesn't.
I got this primarily to help remove things from my panini grill.
The nylon coating over stainless steel seems of good quality and without any imperfections.
If you are looking for a flexible spatula, this isn't it.
Sorry, can't give a review because this was sent to my daughter at college.
She said she likes it, but her pancakes keep falling off the front edge.
It's WIDE enough but not quite long enough.
I just purchased a non-stick pan and needed a special spatula to use wit it.
I spent a lot of time looking over spatulas and finally decided on this wide-mouthed one.
The price was right, it cleaned up easy, and it didn't scratch my pan.
I would have a hard time paying $9 or $10 for it though.
The reason I love this product is that it's sturdy.
When I flatten out a piece of sausage in the skillet, the handle doesn't give!  It has a thin edge and easily flips almost anything.
I haven't had one melt on me yet!  Sturdy and inflexible.
They are very nice for use with non stick cookware.
Had to replace all of my metal utensils.
This one works better, and I like the large size -- even bigger would befine.
It doesn't seem especially sturdy, so I'm not sure if it will last forever,but it definitely creates puffy eggs and whips cream quickly.
Way too big for our needs ( my err)  but it is WELL MADE.
I'll give it to the local soup kitchen.
It may not be able to take on a think soup or chowder, but for everything else, I couldn't 'whisk' for anything more.
Works great for protecting non stick surfaces...strong and cleans up well.
Prefect alternative for your old wire whisk and no worries on your expensive cook wear.
I love using this whisk in stainless steel pots because, 1.
it is not as noisy as the metal whisks, and 2.
I have not used it in my cooking utensils as yet but what I have used it for, I would recommend it to others.
I can see that it may not work as well for heavy dough, etc but for everyday use of lighter items, it is great.
one can't be foolish.) This thing is exactly perfect - ad the price is great.
tongs are tongs they work, i like the silicone ends, but in the longrun their just tongs.
This is the most useful tool for flipping meat, pork and other stuff on non-stick grills.
I bought these tongs for use in non stick, and cookware I didn't want to get scratched.Worked out very well.
-- Just for one example : I oven-char many veggies before using in a recipe : eggplant, tomatoes, garlic, onions, etc.
These tongs WILL work perfectly with regular metal pans IF you apply a very light spray or coating of some sort on the pan.
I bought these tongs 9 years ago from Amazon and they are still going strong.
The tips are still smooth -- No frayed edges.
I don't use it in extreme high heat situations (such as deep frying or over a grill.
No rust.Does what it need it to do and has lasted well through the years.
I got the skimmer to use in separating the whey from the curd.
I should have bought one of these years ago.
The skimmer works really well and I use it frequently.
It's a useful tool and I shouldn't be required to write at least 20 words to recommend it!.
Skimmer was purchased on August 15, 2013 for $7.53; current price on Sept.
It is very well made and very heavy duty.I did find the handle uncomfortable as it is thick and not rounded off.
The difference between us is I hold the handle overhanded and he holds it underhanded.
While some would say it is a uni-tasker, I love this pasta fork.
When you need to move pasta around there is just no better tool.
The only shortcoming I could dream of is the shape and space used in the drawer.
I like the unadorned simplicity of this one-piece pasta fork.
What can you say? It's a sturdy, stainless pasta fork.
The noise it makes on my stainless steel pot makes that clear.
I bought this because I was tired of the cheap plastic one my wife wouldn't let me throw away.
This one is very simple in its design but elegant at the same time.
I like the long handle for getting into pots and it scoops pasta easily without getting caught up.
I don't have concern with bending it or anything, even though the handle looks in the photos as though it might be thin.
I would buy more Amco products based on this purchase.
Is what it says to be and does what it is supposed to do.
This has a nice long handle for reaching into deep pots, as well as a well perforated bowl for great drainage.
The sturdy steel makes lifting even a full load no problem.
We as a family are trying to replace all of our plastic items in our home to reduce plastic.
We love this Pasta Fork it works great and have had no issues.
The metal handle is thick and does not bend.
The bowl of the fork is a little thinner metal so it is easier to grab a large scoop of spaghetti.
I recommend this pasta fork for anyone who wants a metal one.
I checked on the Cooks Illustrated website and this brand and size was the one they highly recommended.
Obviously I can't blame the screen for what happens when it's not on the pan.
It's also rather light so it's no trouble peeking underneath at your food cooking.
I've had it at least 1-2 years now and it's as good as new.
I bought one for my mom because I was so happy with it.
I wanted something large enough for the big pans and this does that.
It is thin so easy to fit away with the lids of pots and pans.
I threw my old one away!  This one is one of the few spatter screens that actually covers larger pans.I use it almost every day.
I hesitated on this for a while (did I really need it?  would it really work?) until seeing it in action in my friend's kitchen.
Highly recommended, and once you have one, you'll wonder what you did without it!.
This screen works well, and is reasonably easy to clean.
It seems sturdy and had no defects in workmanship.
The only complaint is I would have liked it to have a shorter handle as it makes it a little off balance.
The handle is nice and sturdy which causes the balance issue, but if it was 2 inches shorter it wouldn't be an issue.
UPDATE:  I originally purchased this in November 2009.
It is now November 2010 and this splatter screen is still going strong.
It is large enough to cover my large 12-inch pans and is sturdy.
I purchased it based on the Cook's Illustrated recommendation.
I am not sure how I got along without such a quality splatter screen.
It stays on any size pot or pan just fine.
It will smoke, so be ready to turn on the vent fan.
But is does stop splatters (as intended) and allow liquids to evaporate - unlike a pot lid.
This screen works better than the average screen.
I bought it because of a recommendtation from Cooks Illustrated magazine.
It's a little larger than I was expecting but works fine.
What can I say about a fry pan screen.
Nice sturdy fork with nylon tip so it can be used in non-stick cookware.
I needed to replace an old fork that was all nylon and this fork was the perfect replacement.
I especially like the stainless handle giving it durability.
Amco makes the best cooking tools for all cooks.
These are heavy duty tools for real usenot for setting on counter to look pretty.
The nylon they use is very stiff and holds up very well.They make a large aray of tools, spoons, etc.
Hard to find, but well worth the $.Amazon has great prices.
The fork is nylon so works well for non-stick pans.
I have been looking for a sharp, sturdy, no scratch fork.
I use it to fry bacon and stir fry.
I think that it is strong enough to do everything that I need it to.
Great product easy storage because of the flat handle.
I would recommend this product for what it is and for easy storage.
Not only can this be used in any cookware, it is very sturdy, and you won't have a problem with this handle bending.
I am short and I have always bought short utensils-and I have always burned my hands and arms while cooking.
Not any more!  Finding these utensils has changed my life!.
Looked in local stores for similar forks and couldn't find one.
I expected to spend atleast twice the cost of this one.
It's just great for turning steaks and chops on my teflon grill.
I like the fork, just wish the handle were shorter.
It sure eases my mind when I use it with my good cookware now.
This fork is great for non-stick pans and skillets and comes in handy and will not scratch up these surfaces.
It is a little fragile and must not be treated like an ordinary steel fork.
I will look NO FURTHER for any other large nylon cooking fork.
This one is very sturdy and can handle a decent weight of food to pick up or turn over.
This goes for any nylon utensil, not just this one, which is why I didn't take off any stars.
My wife and I of course know this, and our cooking utensils last for ages.
So we're going on our third nylon fork, now, and it won't be our last.
I guess it's like mattresses that are now getting close to 18" thick.
can't you tell when something is a worthless gimmick?.
A stout steel handle with a nice, useful-shape nylon spatula.
Much  better than I'd expected for the price.
I hate that many of the spatulas out these are so flimsy.
This is much better and has been god for me so far.
I bought this spatula because I needed a kitchen tool that was non-stick and narrow.
It is perfect size for turning pancakes and will not scratch my ceramic pan.
This worked better than my previous spatula, which melted after the third or so use.
However, the end of this one also has melted a little bit, which tends to get food stuck.
I am replacing some of my kitchen tools and am surprised by the improved quality of just small and ordinary tools such as this spatula.
The span of the head handles food well and makes the job a breeze.
I have been looking for a nice sized flat pancake turner- with a slim handle that was easy to use and this is it!!.
I am constantly amazed about how the experts out there can opine on the fine points of spatulas for paragraphs and paragraphs.
This one works like it is supposed to.
It slides underneath food -- cookies, pancakes, brownies, whatever -- and helps you flip it over.
Heavy duty, quality materials designed for durability, does the job.
I bought this spatula along with the Amco spoons  to use in my kitchen.
They  were all very durable, comfortable and had just the right length handles for me.
They are an excellent buy and I recommend.
It is light and very easy to use.
It won't do harm to the pan or wok.
There is not much exciting you can say about a spatula except when they just don't make your task as easy as they should.
This product does its job with no surprises.
It works well and that is as good as you can ever expect.
This is just the right size for eggs and pancakes and most everything else.
I have bought several new spatulas recently all plastic for use with my non stick cookware.
This one is great and meets my needs.
If you hang these you can double or triple up these.
I have not had any issues with heat transfer either.
Well, I haven't been using it very long, but thus far it's a gem.
If this lasts, it will be the best non-stick tool I've used.
It is big, as in long, and sturdy since it's metal, be aware of that.
Less than 2 minutes with a metal file broke these hard edges nicely.Overall, a great tool for the price.
I'm looking forward to wielding these for the next decade or so.
The cutting edge does not melt as it does on cheap tools.
I was apprehensive about the metal handle getting too hot, but it does not in normal use.
Labels on the handle come off more easily after a few washings.
The spatula portion is heat resistant and so far I have not had one melt on me yet.
This is not the junk you can buy at Wal-Mart!.
Used many times during camping trips for bacon, eggs, and even burgers at times.
Simple, low price, sturdy enough to get the job done.
Had to buy all new utensils for my new cookware.
Going to be hard to give up my nice metal ones, but don't want to scratch my new pots and pans.
I was looking for a spatula to flip eggs in a nonstick pan.
I bought several different types of these kitchen tools.
Being an asian college student, buying amco products doesn't seem like a good investment.
I mean, it's more expensive to than all the other nylon tools out there.
If you've used all nylon products before, you'll realize how hard it is to even lift up a piece of beef off your cookware.
Nylon just bends too much when there's weight put on it.
Ditto my other reviews on these items.The work well & hold up under repeated dishwasher cycles.We like them.
Nice long handle for mixing in big pots.
Also, the nylon won't scratch your non-stick pans.
Long handle, flexible and safe on non-stick surfaces.
I have the spatula and perforated scoop as well.
I like this product for what it is but more so because of the flat handle.
I store my spoons in a utensil carrier and this fits in very well.
there are so many that have handles that take up more space than is needed.
I bought this spoon along with a slotted to use in my kitchen.
Both were very durable, comfortable and had just the right length handles for me.
They are an excellent buy and I recommend.
This spoon will last for years and I couldn't be happier with it!.
Stainless handle, nylon working bits are safe on non-stick cookware.
Most nylon tools melt and degrade, leaving bits in your food.
I have two whole sets just in case.
Nylon is stiff anddoes not soften up when hot.
This is the companion to the Amco Nylon Serving Spoon.
Nice sturdy handle and the nylon won't scratch your non-stick pans.
I love this spoon because it has a flat handle and will fit in my utensil caddy well.
I would recommend this product for what it is as well.
I bought this slotted along with a serving spoon  for my  use in the kitchen.
Both were very durable, comfortable and had just the right length handles for me.
They are also an excellent buy and I recommend.
I have purchased several of the Amco  serving pieces and they are perfect.
You can use them on any type cookware and the handles are long and sturdy.
I have several of the solid spoons and the fork from this series, and I love them all.
The person who only gave 1 star must have some pretty high expectations.
I have 6 different utensils hanging over my stove, including this slotted spoon.
They still look like new! It speaks to the quality of the non-stick material.
They can rest on the edge of a hot pot without harm.
For a stockpot there's no brand like Farberware.
I love the covers as the edges drop into the pot so water or soup or anything in it ever seeps over the top.
You can scrub and use the most abrasive pads to clean the pot and never worry.
Not that anything sticks that much you just don't have to worry.
Don't judge a stockpot by it's price, still can't get better than Farberware.
I own a full set, and keep buying more.
This was down to $26 when I bought it.
I bought it for my son who has gotten into making home made wedding soup.
Nice heavy bottom, tight fitting lid, beautiful finish.
No rivets on the inside so easier to clean.
Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line.
I had this cookware at one time, and I can recommend it, especially for use on gas burners.
Unlike Calphalon cookware, it can go in the dishwasher.
However, to keep the finish gleaming, you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads.
I purchased 2 Farberware pots and have been VERY happy, so far.
I would have liked the spot-welded handles to be a little wider and welded a little better, but so far so good.
Also, Amazon should pack stuffing ALL the way around pot in shipping box.
They packed it to one side and stuffed two sides.
Pot arrived with a small dent on unstuffed side; but it arrived quickly.
I am pleased with the quality for the price I paid on sale.
Farberware classics stainless steel pots and pans are durable and last a lifetime.
This pot is quite beautiful when it comes out of the box.
The handles on the sides and lid are particularly elegant.
But you buy it for the cooking and it is excellent at that.
It is not (at least not for a party of 30 or more).
Though it might seem crazy, consider getting the 16 quart version if you're going to be entertaining on a large scale.
But the price was too good to pass up, so I took a chance.
I'm happy I did because I use this pot all the time now.
It has a very thick, heavy core on the bottom, which (pleasantly) surprised me.
I highly recommend this for someone who needs a big high-quality stockpot but doesn't want to pay All-Clad prices.
Great, heavy duty stock pot I use weekly.
Stainless cookware needs to be heavy duty and aluminum free in my opinion.
I have a (yuck) glass top stove and need to make bone broth on a regular basis.
This pot has to stay on for about 48 hours at a time.
It does the trick without my having to worry about burning the bottom.
very nice stainless stock pot needed it to hold a gal water and the room for it to foam up so this did the job.
For the first time, I made 2 pounds of pasta, without having an eruption of boiling water all over my stove top.
And what can I say about Farberware...I've had Farberware pots and pans since 1971.
Bought this for my daughter-in-law for soups and chili.
It's very appealing visually - and I like my kitchen stuff to look nice.
I like the way the handles are attached.
The bottom is thick and flat, I;m told it heats evenly and the cover fits well.
This is just I had Wanted and Needed.
I have the 10 quart and 18 quart versions of this stockpot, and have nothing but praise for them.
They conduct heat well, they look beautiful, and have quality you can feel every time you pick them up.
They live up to their name -- Classic.They are a great deal here on Amazon, too.
This is an excellent quality stockpot and a great size for average home use.
I have always liked this line in Faberware.
As a retired restaurant owner and cook, this is an excellent value.
The handles seem like they're going to stay on.
I've had this pot for a year now, and it's holding up beautifully.I've used it to make stocks, stews, and sauces.
It's a great, versatile pot that's been a bit abused, and still looks great.Seriously, it's a really great, versatile pot and it's holding up well.
I usually make chicken soup using 60 thighs in those two pots.
I wanted to up my quantity so I can keep the kids' families in chicken soup.
A 16 quart pot added to my other two will be perfect for the job.The pot is beautifully made, as are my other pots.
I've been making this soup for over 40 years, so I know they last and last.
These pots will probably be used by my grandkids till they are grandmoms.
I have a glass top range and this pot works beautifully on it.
I've made jams, marmalades, tomato sauces and soups in it with not one bit of burnt gunk on the bottom.
Farberware Classic Stainless Steel 16-Quart Covered StockpotWe needed a large good pot to cook down tomato sauce, apples for sauce, etc., without burning the product.
This pot does a great job of doing that! It's a very good pot for a very good price.
No matter what stove you have, this is a great buy.
I bought this for making cheese and for general stock-pot use.
Seems to hold up well and is dishwasher safe.
Works with up to 2 gallons of milk when making cheese.
I bought a cheap 16 quart pot and regretted it after the first use.
The bottom got very hot and the heat didn't transfer very well up through the pot.
If you didn't constantly stir your dish you'd burn the bottom.No so with this pot.
Yes, you still need to stir your dish but it did an excellent job of transferring the heat.Very happy with it.
I looked at every stockpot Amazon carried, and all I could find around here; this one seemed to be carefully and simply constructed.
I really was eager to try it out and so far, after several very large jobs, it seems to be holding up to expectation.
I will use it until this canning season is over and revisit this review place to let you know how it has performed.
My daughter purchased one of these for canning tomato sauce, and was so pleased with it she bought one for me.
I was so happy with it I bought a second one.
VERY heavy base, nothing seems to scortch no matter how high I cook.
No rivets for the handles so the entire inside is smooth and easy to clean.
I don't think you could find a better buy.
Before purchasing this pot, my only stockpot was a small pot that I think is a 6-quart.
I wanted a larger pot so that I could make a large pot of soup and have leftovers to freeze.
I debated between a 12-Quart and 16-Quart and looked at a few in stores to get an idea of the size difference.
As others have said, it has a nice solid base and does not burn food on the bottom.
Another thing I really like is that it does not have rivets.
I kept reading that in other reviews and had to look-up what that meant.
I haven't put mine through the dishwasher yet.
I would have to remove the top rack of the dishwasher to be able to fit it.
Plus, I love how shiny it is!I definitely recommend it!.
I researched and researched on this purchase and it paid off - glad I went with this one.
This pot is made of quality materials and you will be happy with this and turn to it again and again.
I gave this as a gift to my husband and he loves to make spaghetti sauce and chili in this for his big family.
Be advised - it is a really big pot - huge! The downside is finding a place to store it!.
It may look small in the picture, but it's 4 gallons, so it'll fit a lot of food.
Left on very low heat, it can pretend to be a slow cooker.
Also, it's made of stainless steel and no food sticks to its sides or bottom.
I have been using it constantly since I got it and I highly recommend it.
I got it on sale I'm really happy with it.
Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line.
I had this cookware at one time, and I can recommend it, especially for use on gas burners.
Unlike Calphalon cookware, it can go in the dishwasher.
However, to keep the finish gleaming, you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads.
This 16-Quart Saucepan is a kitchen essential for anyone who cooks for a large group.
Heavy and well-made, with a nice finish, as well as wonderful cooking capacity and performance.
I actually weighed this pot, and it came in at just over 7 pounds (as opposed to 3 pounds for my old pot).
Then I bought this beauty!  I use it to make yogurt and cheese since we have dairy cows.
It is fantastic!  It is solidly constructed and truly stainless steel, not something that claims to be.
The thick bottom also helps to prevent scorching, a must have when trying to heat up milk.
Wonderful product!  Another one I wish I could give 6 starts to!.
This stockpot replaced one that had the handles riveted onto the sides.
Acid from years of chili/spaghetti etc., corroded the rivet sites causing leakage and eventual handle failure.
This huge pot has the handles soldered onto the outsides so that the interior is smooth with no weak points to corrode.
When finished cooking, I can lift out the basket, chicken and all leaving wonderful chicken stock that does not need to be strained.
Would definitely buy this again- it is my favorite pot.
I wanted a BIG stock pot for spaghetti sauces etc.
I like to cook big and freeze.If you heat this very very slowly things won't stick, thats the key.
First pot I could ever say that about.
You could literally cook chili for 50 in here, or soup for 25.
My mother uses hers for exotic soup parties.Everybody brings a pot-luck soup ingredient, like crabmeat, shrimp, tomatoes, etc.
Add some spices and some stock and voila! we're talking restaurant quality.The pot also looks gorgeous, and it is very sturdy and solid.
The thick metal bottoms won't burn food easily.It will last for decades.
I bought this item earlier this year for my home.
Loved it so much that I bought one for my beach house.
It looks/feels/cooks like a much more expensive stockpot.
This is a wonderful item for yourself, gift, shower gift, etc.
This pot could be easily $100 more and still a bargain.
As Julia Child reminds people all the time, a fine paring knife is a must.
While it is dishwasher safe I suggest that washing and drying after each use is better.
A little warrior that does everything! A great purchase.
I wash it right away after every use.
This little paring knife is great; it's easy to hold (I have very small hands) and has a good cutting edge.
I liked it so much I just ordered a second one.
Henckels are the best knives.I would not buy any other brand.I cannot stress enough how much I love this little knife.
This is my go-to knife for small cutting jobs where a chef's knife is overkill.
It is dishwasher safe and it sharpens up nicely.
Its point will not bend even if somebody uses it to open a box from Amazon or chip the ice off frozen chicken broth.
It really is indispensable and I should probably order another one right now.
We have had our set of Four Star knives for 14 years and counting.
I have not had luck with home sharpening tools, especially the electric ones, which I wish I never used.
The only seam is at the bolster, where the blade meets the handle.
Balanced, keen edged and easy to keep sharp, this knife is an able companion to it's mates.
Only have two or three more to replace as soon as I find the exact replacement.
If you want the best and, assuming you like the feel of the handle, you'll get hooked too.
What a great little knife, good heft and very sharp.
every kitchen needs a good and reliable paring knife.
This is an excellent knife for some one who needs a small paring knife.
The handle is comfortable and a good grip, doesnt slip when wet or your hands are geasy.
The edge is compact enough to manuver easily around bones and is sharp enough to easily slice any meat or veggie Ive tried itwith.
This is my 3rd henckel Twin 4 star and i cant say Ive discovered anything I dont like about any of them.
The price is a bonus for a really great knife.
A professional quality knife at a bargain price.
I didn't think I'd ever again buy a German or French made kitchen knife: too heavy, too thick compared to Japanese knives.
The reviews suggested that this knife was well made with a thinner blade and it was half the price of the next closest Japanese knife.
Light, sharp, good in the hand, and easy to clean.
I own the 4 star series of knives myself and  knew our friend would enjoy the quality of this paring knife.
Comes from the factory very sharp and ready to use.
Henckels makes several series of knives and the 4 star is top notch.
I decided to replace it with the Henckels 4 Star model.
What a mistake! It is beautiful, sharp, extremely well balanced and obviously well made.
Naturally, the rest of my knives took great offense, and I promptly ordered the whole set of 4 Star knives, block and all.
At least I'll get a free set of Henckel's steak knives!.
When I held the chefs knife balanced on a tomato and just pulled, the weight of the knife sliced through it with a clean stroke.
This paring knife is pricey, but I wanted to buy one knife that would last, instead of 5 that didn&#8217;t.
I like the shape of the handle and the quality of the finish.
The blade is as sharp as surgical blades, so be careful.
I really like the feel of the knife.
I also like the shape of the tip of the knife; you can easily dig a bad spot out of a vegetable with it.
But again, be careful; it is really sharp.
This is the perfect knife for the small hand.
We have used the Four Star series for many years.
Often I have wished I had a second one so that two could work in the kitchen at the same time.
This set is wonderful, comfortable in the hand and stays sharp for a long time.
I can't imagine a kitchen without one - or two!.
I've had a full set (w/o scissors) of Henckels for over 25 years.
Glad to have it back in the wood block.
I decided to add a pair Henckels kitchen scissors to the block and now my set is complete.
And I suppose forty bucks isn't that much of a splurge for a blade that's going to be around longer than we will.
Henckels Twin Four Star 4-Inch High-Carbon Stainless-Steel Paring Knife.
I really like having both, but if I HAD to choose between the 2, I'd go with the 4 inch knife.
In recient years I have worked on aquiring quite a selection of Henckle knives.
I started with a set of cheep international series Henckle knives, but a some point needed a "step up".
I purchased a single four star knife, used it for a week, and have been hooked ever since.
I have used most "as seen on TV" brands.
well I am still hooked on four star.
The only competition they have with me is their own Pro S series.
Eargonomic handles, easy to maintain, and a great design for use in the kitchen.
These are sharp, easy to handle, and I expect it to last the rest of my life.
Barring an unexpected grinding in the garbage disposal.
But I love my 4 star series knives, and the 4 inch knife is the one I use the most.
When we returned home, the knife was gone.
I suppose Customs either liked it or Security didn't like it, one or the other.
So, I'm buying another one now and glad to find it at such a good price!Don't even think twice about Henckels knives.
They have a lifetime guarantee and I've actually returned one that chipped on the end and was given a new one -- no questions asked!.
This is a very handy little knife.I use it for paring, slicing, and everything.Henckels is the best, no question.
This is a really useful knife - sharp, well balanced, and fits nicely in my rather small hands.
I bought this exact same knife while living in Germany 26 years ago, and it is finally time to replace it.
This is our favorite knife - it's the one we reach for every meal.
These knives are excellent - I have several and they are all worth the money.
The only reason this little guy has to be replaced is that we've just plain worn it out.
It sharpens great and fits perfectly in my hand.
This is the best and most useful knife I have ever owned.
My hands are small and I delight at a nice well balanced untensil such as this one.
Excellent, everyone needs one of these if they spend any time in the kitchen !!!!!!!!!!!!.
If I could choose only one knife for a kitchen, this would win it hands down.
The knife can cut through apple skins like butter.
It is also small and handy enough to shape cookie dough.2)Slice through bread.
I have a decent bread slicer but this knife is better at the task.
It is also a great pizza slicer.3)Slice through meat.
Chances are, this knife is more than adequate for whatever cutlery needs you have.
I have a 27 year old knife that is the same that has been my go to knife forever.
I bought this one to resolve disputes when someone else wants to use it.
The reason I only gave it 4 stars is that the blade does not rinse clean without streaks.
Perfect balance, excellent edge holding and handle shape makes for efficient, solid grip.
Bought this one to replace one lost in travel.
Unless you wear it out (last one was 10+ years and just showing some deformation from sharpening), will outlast you.
This is a great paring knife and I also own other Henckel knives.
I use it almost daily and it has maintained sharpness.
It is very comfortable in my hand and has a good weight.
The blade is extremely sharp and cuts easily.
I like the size of the blade too.
We have a 30 year old set of the Four Stars, however they didn't have any 4-inch knives with the set.
I thought it might be a nice addition and I was right.
Not only are the knives great, maintaining a sharp blade and a sturdy handle, I can tell you the company is terrific.
The tip of one of our other, very large Four Star knives chipped a bit.
I mailed it in per their warranty instructions.
You can always depend on a Zwilling J.A.
They are made of Soligein steel from Germany and of utmost quality.
I never want to be without these knives.
This is the perfect size for a versatile paring knife and the 4 Star line is the most underrated line on this sight.
Buy 'em now!We be givin' the max...5 mojo*z.
no substitute for a sharp high quality paring knife.
It seems the company now did away with the red print and instead has placed their black logo on the formerly "red side".
Not a major thing, just different than the rest of my knives (including a separate set of steak knives).
My black logo is on the left side.
I just recently purchased this knife and I was blown away.
I am used to crappy knives - you know, those hand-me-downs that always get chucked into the back of the drawer.
Have a complete set of them for 20 years.
Just treat them well and they will treat you well.
Also have the 3 inch one for cutting smaller vegetables.
Great knife that I added to our set.
We have a bunch of these and they get used all of the time.
This small serrated knife is no exception to that rule.
It slices tomatoes with ease, even extra ripe ones.
Of course, it can cut through a lot of other things, too.
We have had it for about 10 years and it has not lost it's edge.
It is dishwasher safe and has a lifetime guarantee.
Highly recommend adding this to any knife collection.
Henckels knives  are great!  This 5 inch size is my most used knife.
I've had this particular knife for ages, at least 10+ years I'm sure, probably more like 15.
I used it so much I later bought a second, very similar one (don't see the handle shape any more) just for convenience.
They are both used multiple times per day, they really are my "go to" knife for most things.
They've held up beautifully well, although I know they now need sharpening and I'm not sure that is possible with a serrated edge.
This particular knife is referred to as a utility knife.
Personally, I find it works best as a tomato knife.
She's crazy about it and uses it for everything.
Henckels Twin Four Star 3-Inch High Carbon Stainless-Steel Paring Knifeare the two best knives in the Henckels four star collection.
They are just right, with all the various design parameters coming together to create a whole that is greater than the sum of the parts.
This serrated utility knife works well in a great variety of applications.
The five inch serrated blade is nicely thin (but still thick enough for good strength and rigidity) and shallow (i.e.
Like any other knife, it will go dull.
NEVER HONE THIS KNIFE OR ANY OTHER SERRATED KNIFE!  A sharpening steel is too large a diameter to be used on a serrated knife.
It will only round out the serrations and will not sharpen the knife.
This is NOT the fault of the knife.
In order to sharpen this knife, you need theSpyderco Sharpmaker Knife Sharpener 204MF.
This setup has triangular ceramic sticks, so you can use the edges (and ONLY the edges) of the rods to sharpen serrated knives.
Just make sure to read the directions or watch the video to ensure your technique is correct first.
But then a half an hour or so every year will be enough to keep this knife in good working order.
If you've already honed the heck out of a serrated knife, though, start over with a new one.
Like the Ginsu knives that used to be on TV.
These have small and deep and aggressive serrations that will last almost indefinitely, but the cutting action is very poor.
They will do the job--and like almost forever--but no good chef would be pleased with the results.
So get that sort of thing if you don't want to sharpen your knives (or have them professionally sharpened at least once a year).
But don't complain about this one not lasting forever with improper (or no) maintenance.
Works wonderfully for a variety of kitchen jobs, including hard cheeses, tomatoes, cooked meats.This is my second one.
I had one of these for years as part of a set but it got lost somewhere along the line.
4 stars only because we had to replace our other one.It fell on the ground and the way it hit made it snap in 2.
I have dropped lots of Henkles, but none has broken before or since.This knife stays sharp.
Never sharpened our last one in 10 years.
It is sharp and slices thru cheese making nice thin slices perfect for crackers or sandwiches.
We do hand wash all of our knives and it does get the steel every other day to help keep that nice edge.
She loves to cook and is partial to nice knives.
This is definitely Henckels quality and a good size for a variety of kitchen tasks.
It can also be pressed into service as a last line of defense.
I have all Henckels 4 star knives in my kitchen, but this is the one that I come back to over and over.
You can't go wrong buying from either line.
Someone stole the utility knife from my Henckel's set while I was in college.
I finally replaced the knife, but have found the utility knives to be only moderately useful.
When prepping I use paring and chef or Santoku knives and rarely anything else.
I made my sister in law buy these because I have been staying with her and my mother in law and doing the cooking.
I have these knives at home and I am thoroughly spoiled.
The size of this knife is just right.
The superior sharpness has been easy to maintain with an occasional swipe on the steel--even after much use.
I like and use it so much that I have started giving it as a gift item.
Perfect addition to the 8 pc set I bought, so sharp it cuts cheese with no effort.Zero complaints.Non-serrated.
It's a pleasure to cut tomatoes !Zwilling J.A.
Razor sharp out of the box, well balanced.
I have a full set of Henckels knives, and they hold an edge better than any other brand I have tried.
Mine shattered at the blade after it fell on floor.
I'm really surprised their knives can't withstand it.
Bought this and a Henckels Chef Knife to fill in some gaps from the Chicago Cutlery set we got for our wedding.
Blade is very flexible, and goes through everything like soft butter.
Highly recommended, and will be getting more Henckels as needed.
Lesson learned; don't use the knife to open a can.
The knife is the perfect shape, size, and sharp, sharp, sharp!  I use one myself and I have given two as gifts to family.
This knife will replace half the gadgets and appliances in your kitchen if you learn how to use it properly...It will also last a lifetime.
The balance is excellent and these molded handles are much more comfortable  than the old riveted ones.
We bought our first Henckel knife in Frankfurt, Germany about 20 years ago and we still have it.
Since then we have been loyal to the Henckel brand and have several sizes.
The 8" chef knife is just the right size for slicing, dicing and chopping; not too big and not to small.
All Henckel knives are made to perfection and well balanced.
Easy to care for and sharpen on a regular basis.
We give everyone we know that is getting married one of these knives for a wedding present.
Weighty just enough, good balance, shaaaaaaaahhhhppp!  Cuts EVERYTHING like buttah!  I'm so happy with this knife, I'm going to get more.
I love this knife! It makes me look forward to cooking every day.
I think I love the balance most of all.
I like the grip and the design, which keeps my fingers from hitting the board.
It also seems to be the perfect weight for me.
My wife thinks it's too big for her, so I ordered her the 5" Santoku and the 6" Chef.I would highly recommend this knife.
Love it- cut through everything as you would expect a great quality knife to cut.
I have had a basic set of Henkel knives which have no stars, so I imagine it is their cheapest set.
I received it for a wedding gift 24 years ago and continue to use it.
I always wondered what it must be like to use their professional knives as I have been satisfied with the cheaper set.
Finally, my husband bought this knife for me for my birthday.
The difference is night and day! It is such a pleasure to use.
The weight and balance are just right, it fits into my hand like it belongs there.
A remarkable surprise is that the Chef's knife came with two additional knives, a paring knife and a small serrated knife.
They are four star professional knives as well!  The paring knife is the best I have ever handled.
I've not had occasion to use the serrated knife yet but it is weighty, balanced and sharp as well.
I love these knives and am thrilled with the surprise of two extra knives of equal quality.
I bought this knife to replace a Wusthof Chef's knife (around $130) which I left behind in a church kitchen.
I have small hands and for me it is ideal! It fits right in my hand and feels perfect while chopping.
The price is now up to $100, and lists the standard price as $125.
I had a cuisenart food processor and gave it away.
The  6&quot; seems too short, the 8&quot; is just right.You really only need  about 3 knife styles, and this is one of them.
(Bread knife, and paring  knife are the other two.).
This is the second JA Henckels Twin knife that I've bought in the last 12 years.
That's because the first knife I got from Henckels was so good that I didn't need to replace it.
This knife is extremely sharp out of the box, and is balanced well.
As someone who just cooks at home a couple times a week, I'm no chef, but this knife is a joy and comfort to use.
My problem was I couldn't keep it sharp with the steel.
Once I bought an auto knife sharpener, I got this baby back to razor sharp.
This is the kind of knife that you would use to cut apart ribs, rib roast other heavy duty food.
I am a little intimidated by this knife but I do use it.
I love to cook, and I've spent a lot of money on cookware.
For some reason, however, I continued to buy cheap knives.
This knife is made of lots of good, hard steel.
I've had one for the last -- let's see, how long...?  10 years.
The factory edge was perfectly honed and sharp as a razor right from the get go.
Usually I have to use a sharpening steel for a few strokes to reclaim the edge but not this one.
I have several Henckel knives and didn't hesitate to buy another.
This knife is wonderful, I'm only sorry I waited so long to buy it.
After over a year of constant use it is wearing well and still sharp.
I've been using my Henckel's chef's knife for many years now, and I continue to be impressed with it at every use.
Even after countless uses, the edge remains super sharp, requiring only rare application of the sharpening steel.
I found this out the hard way a few days ago with a careless slip of the hand.
Yeah, this puppy costs $80 or more, but it's definitely a worthy investment.
I'd recommend something to put over the blade, as this comes with no protection.
Although most items cut very easily, harder items such as carrots dont cut as easily as I had hoped.
I am using the Henkels honer but maybe it needs to be sharpened with a sharpener.
Even so, I am very pleased with the results I am getting.
This 10&quot; chef's knife would impress Crocodile Dundee.
It features fine balance and a comfortable handle (like all 4-Star knives) and an incredibly sharp edge.
Just be sure to wash and dry by hand.
When I held the 14" knife balanced on a tomato and just pulled, the weight of the knife sliced through it with a clean stroke.
I love the 4 star collection, and this is the best knife in the bunch.
It doubles as a carving knife because of it's size.
and it's very very stable to work with.
For years I had been aware of J.A.
Henckles as a quality cutlery maker, but until I used one I had no idea what I had been missing.
Frankly, the  price precluded me from seriously considering buying one and I got my first  one on a fluke.
It turned up in a California thrift store that sold used  and new items.
The 10-inch chef's knife was new, had a tiny nick on the  cutting edge, and was marked $1.29 along with lesser knives.
Talk about good  fortune! In ten minutes the nick was gone and the knife was ready to go.
The incredible knife quickly proved its real worth.
It never rusted and  unlike other stainless steel knives the Henckels held a razor sharp edge  longer than the best carbon steel.
It made food preperation a joy with its  always-sharp rust-free blade and hand fitting handle.
But now I know what I  am getting.
I have used knives with Sheffield stainless steel and high  carbon steel, but the Henckels is in a class all by itself.
It is without question the best chef's knife that the  current state-of-the-art can produce anywhere in the world.
I have another knife like this one that is 11 years old.
This one is much lighter.The knife arrived very sharp.
of pork with it, with only slight honing of the blade.
After I was done making sausage, I sharpened it again (using a ceramic stone).
It sharpened well.Bottom line: this is a great knife and worth the money.
I used to watch my mom use a kife similar to this when I was a kid.
I use it for everything, especially peeling and cutting fruit and vegetables.
A great knife and now I see why my mom used hers so much so many years ago.
Superb performance while holding the razor sharp edge for an exceptionally long time when properly used.
Just watch that point - it'll get you if you're not careful!.
They are a work of art of high quality construction as much as they are a highly functional and effective culinary tool.
Albeit a wee bit overpriced, in my opinion.
However, as that may be the case, this is a must-have knife in your kitchen knife collection.
I use it for carving the cores out of quartered apples and pears and for scoring the peals on oranges and grapefruit.
I also use it to perfectly remove stems from strawberries without damaging the berry.
The shape of the knife allows for easy rounded and spiral type cuts.
I use this knife every day and it is, by far, my most used knife!  Highly recommend this product.
Item was received as advertised in good condition.
It is being used daily in its intended use and has performed adequately.
I never thought much about my knives since I was a casual cook.
A renewed interest in cooking caused me to take a hard look at my knives.
I did a lot of research and settled on the Pro S series.
I never realized how much difference good knives made.
This is a great knife to have, extremely sharp and makes quick work of peeling just about anything.
Even if you cook only occasionally, this is a knife for you.
30 years ago or more I bought three Henckels Twin Pro knives.
I always washed them in the dishwasher - but still they have given great service.
Eventually the middle one got worn down from sharpening and the handle lost some plastic so the rivet was visible.
Still serviceable - but I wanted a new one.
I checked with my son-in-law who is a keen cook and found the twin pros were still one of the best knives out there.
It was not very sharp when I got it - but the Henkels sharpener soon fixed that.
This time I'm treating it to hand washing.
I have several knives in this series and love all of them.
I have small hands, so these knives are very comfortable.
My knives go through the dishwasher on the bottom rack on the sani cycle, and they take the abuse very well.
This knife was purchased as a replacement for one that disappeared.
This one easily cut up a tough beef  roast with little effort, so I'm very pleased.
I have cheaper knives from Henckels and others, but none hold an edge as well as the Twin Pro "S" knives.
I have a 7 piece Henckels  Pro S set with the pairing knife, serrated utility, scissors, 8&#34; chef's knife, 5&#34; Santoku, etc.
Regular honing (and using wood cutting boards) will help your knives last for many, many years.
I've had this knife for over 5 years now.
It is the go-to knife in the block.
Actually, it is rarely IN the block - usually, it is in the drain board.
I will say professional sharpening and self-honing is key to ANY good knife.
Most of mine are done every 18 months, this one every 6-9.
A few years ago, I purchased this Henckels model along with a larger utility knife and a smaller paring knife.
They all are excellent, but this one was my favorite for general kitchen use.
I don't know what I would do without them.Well, the 6" knife didn't make it home last season.
It disappeared from my kitchen during the second week.
From time to time I did have people lend a hand in the kitchen, and admiring remarks were made about my knives.
I have an idea which hunter took it, but I can't prove it.
I had to let it go.This isn't a cheap knife, and I wasn't able to replace it immediately.
I'm sooo glad I finally have another.Zwilling J.A.
Henckels Twin Pro Professional "S" Slicing Knife 160mm/6" is the best all-round kitchen knife I have ever owned.
Needless to stay, the new one stays at home!.
The knife came as described, but my only complaint is that it did not come with a warranty information slip.
I guess that is because it was the Wusthof brand, instead of Henckels, which are made by the same company.
Henckel knive sets always give you the option of a warranty slip.
It just may not be an option with Wusthof.
But the knife came very nice and when I thumbed it, it actually ringed.
We live on our boat and don't leave the Cuisinart on the galley counter.
I found that there is little reason to break out the Cuisinart unless I have a large amount of food to process.
Use a plastic or wood cutting board and use the steel and enjoy this fine knife.
I plan to buy the six inch model soon.Al.
I purchased a 10-piece Henckels Pro-S set with block about a year ago and it was lacking this 10-inch knife.
So, I ordered this one and it arrived as expected in two days with Amazon Prime.
Finish is beautiful of top quality and sharp as a razor.
I like the feel of the knife in my hand.
Mine is 6" and it is the right size for me.
I am totally satisfied with this knife and recommend it highly.
First, I'm a big guy - long arms, big hands, and I tend to favor tools that are somewhat oversized.
The blade height, the handle length and the overall heft contribute to a really secure feeling.
I also find that, despite being high-carbon stainless, these knives are harder for most users to sharpen.
They're slow to take an edge, in my opinion, and they hold it less time than a comparably priced knife from, say, Wusthof-Trident.
While it's a lifetime-capable tool, you will not be able to treat this knife like a Ginsu and get  high performance for very long.
Typical of other 2 men Henckels knives, this knife is fantastic and is a go-to in my kitchen.
It has a good weight and feel in my hand (I'm a woman, aged 63).
This is the knife I find myself reaching for most often while working in my kitchen.
Why?  1) it feels right in the hand, it is well ballanced and the grip fits my admitedly beefy hands quite well.
This makes it very versitile and I don't find myself switching knives for every task.
3) I find that a few passes across the diamond steel brings the blade up to razor sharp.
They are not really intended to "sharpen" a knife but rather to straighten the edge.
The diamond steel will give thes knife back its edge and does so quickly and rather gently at that.
I'll admit it - I've fallen in love.
I immediately ordered it, and have been delighted ever since.
One of the best purchases I've made - well-worth the money.
You can spend a lot more on a knife, but you won't buy any better performance where it counts, in the kitchen.
I've had the 6 inch for years and just splurged on this one.
It holds a great edge and slices effortlessly.
if you are familiar with the pro s line by henckels, you already know you are going to love this knife.
if not, they are well made, well balanced, comfortable, and sharp knives!  i love the 6" chef.
i use mine every day, multiple times a day, and it's one of the first knives i go to.
I am an amateur chef (in training) and have been practicing this hobby for many years.
Of all the knives I have accumulated, this is, by far, my favorite chef's knife.
But, as others have commented, the proper grip causes the sharp angled edge of the spine to wear into your index finger.
The motion is similar to polishing shoes, back and forth, holding the ends of the emery cloth down and below the knife.
I posted a picture of the before and after.After rounding the spine, this knife has become an absolute joy to use.
It holds its edge very well, and has great balance.
It re-sharpens easily and is very stain resistant.
By the way, many people comment that they steel the knife before every use.
I find that it holds an edge well enough that that's not always necessary.
I steel mine about every 4th or 5th use, and then only a few strokes.
I believe that most tools in my kitchen (including knives) must have more than one function.
To date, I own this knife, another 8" chef's knife, a serrated knife, and a paring knife.
These knives are all I need to prepare almost any dish.
Any knife is easy to clean and maintain if you take proper care of them.
I recommend hand washing the knife to promote the life of the handle, it's really not that hard.
We live on our boat, almost full time.
Although our galley is about the size of a medium on-land kitchen, the space for cutlery is relatively compact.
The Pro-S series, in general is superior to any knife I have ever used.
Specifically the 5 inch serrated utility knife is the single most used knife in our collection.
For slicing veggies or anythng with a crust there is no equal.
We have owned their better lines for decades and this knife does not disappoint.
We use our knives heavily and expect performance and a lasting edge.
This is the most used knife in our kitchen.
I've had two Pro-S 5" serrated knives for many years now, and the edges still cut razor sharp.
Don't daydream when you use these, please!  A very well-made, solid knife.
If hand-washed/dryed as the manufacturer recommends, they will last a long time.
These knives can be found much cheaper on Ebay and elsewhere once in awhile.
If you are a cheapskate like me, online-shopping diligence pays off.
In return, you will own an excellent utility knife.
We use them for everything from slicing bagels to tomatoes.
As with all Zwilling Henckels knives, this is a great knife.
I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking to round out the knife set.
Whenever you buy Henckels Pro S knives you know you are getting the very best.
True, the Five Star is more "ergonomic" in handle shape, so if that is what you are after, go for it.
I would rather have one of these than ten of any other brand names.
This knife is greate for deboning chicken, but its also perfect for cutting up hot dogs, chicken nuggets and other small items.
I like the blade, the way it is cut and it is light weight and easy to use.
Extremely sharp! Probably one of my favorite kitchen items.
small enough blade, but large handle for great control, which is essential when using a knife!.
This is the knife that most cutlery sets leave out (oh, and the Santoku as well), and I highly recommend getting one.
It really makes deboning so much easier- especially on chickens and turkeys.
My son got this boning knife for his dad for Christmas.
it is a nice size for the hands and works great.
I use it for everything and rarely for boning.
It's a must have for any kitchen hands down.
I don't know how I survived without this excellent knife!.
I got this set for a Christmas present for my boyfriend, who is in culinary school and also works as a cook.
He is very picky about his knives and will almost only buy Henckels.
He was pleased with the fork it came with as well.
Trying to complete my wife's knife set, I bouht this carving set.
Razor sharp right out of the box like all the other J.A.
The price isn't cheap, but neither is the product.
I was a little skeptical about the benefits of a carving knife, but wow, this knife is amazing (good weight, good quality).
The carving fork was perfect for keeping the stuffing in place while cutting through the birds.
I've only used it once, but will definitely find add'l opportunities to use this set.
I bought this knife and block set as a Christmas gift for my wife.
The picture showed a block with six slots for steak knives.
The block we got is the one now shown in the Amazon add.
Apparently Henckel made a change in their set about the same time I ordered it.
I would have bought the set regardless of the block design but the steak knive slots was a nice feature that appealed to me.
The knives are well crafted, have a great feel, extremely sharp and we love them.
There were two extra slots in the block that accomodated another Henckel knife we already owned and one other.
We also love the selection of knives, especially the paring knife and small serrated knife.
Some other reviewers have mentioned scratches or uneven sharpening but we've not noticed either of these conditions.
First, let me start by saying that I'm very picky when it comes to my kitchen tools.
That's right - they're tools, not gadgets or toys - tools to get the job done.I bought these knives almost over 9 years ago.
Amazon says that I bought them in December, 2002.
And I've been using them ever since!These are very good knives.
The full tang in the handle means that the blade metal extends all the way through the handle.
cutting.This set comes with a nice knife block, but the one I got was not the one in the Amazon picture.
Mine has a scissors holder in the bottom of the block where the image shows steak knife holes.
I can understand this - you need to take care of your knives!  Take care of the tools, and they'll take care of you.
There are two steps to taking great care of your tools:1) Use the (included) honing steel before you use the knives.
EVERY TIME!  Please learn to use it safely and correctly - it will maintain your blade edge nicely.
I tried several sharpening options near me, but in the end, I purchased a sharpening kit from Amazon and do it myself.
It takes about 20-30 minutes to fully sharpen a large knife, and doing so is completely worth it.
I use this kit:Lansky Deluxe 5-Stone Sharpening Systemand it works great.
They're not as nice and don't hold an edge quite as well as a more expensive unit, such as a Shun knife.
But these knives are a nice balance of cost and quality.
And over 9 years later, mine are just getting broken in.
They need to be sharpened right out of the box.
If I was buying again I would go with Wusthof.Update: Sharpening steel is your best friend!.
Don't let some of these negative reviews get you down.
these are GREAT knives!Prior to purchasing these knives I read the various reviews.
The Consumer Report information on the Profession S being "Forged because it is very close in form and function to traditionally 'Forged' pieces.
the only difference is that it isn't physically 'forged' from one piece of metal.".
I then purchased the Henckels and have been just delighted!Right out of the box they were gorgeous!  Not a single defect/flaw/scratch.
slicing a piece of paper using from tip to handle.
like slicing through butter!Quite frankly I would never abuse a fine piece of china nor a good knife.
so I don't worry about warping or discoloration of the handle.
it has always been my practice to just quickly scrub and dry my knife after use.
even my old cheaper knives still look good after years of use.
I'm so happy to finally have some GOOD knives.
I'll take REALLY good care of these knives!  Have some pride folks!  (And if in time they DO get a bit banged up.
they couldn't have been nicer or more helpful.I do not have huge hands and these fit my hands really nicely.
My siblings purchased this set as a wedding gift for my wife and I.
We love to cook, and this set is rather nice.
Two years' after receiving them, we have never had to sharpen them.
We've used them to cut bread, meat, poultry, fish, vegetables and fruit.
There's a knife for everything, and the scissors are nice as well.
They're very durable, and can slice through something tough like lean beef, or something fine like a ripe tomato.
According to Amazon, I purchased these knifes in May 2003.
It is still the knife set I use today.
I'd buy this same set again, even though now, 9 year later, I could afford a more expensive set.
It's a good investment for the long run.
I went 30 years using knives bought cheaply at garage sales.
You can get some good knives that way if you are willing to sharpen them and sometimes fix the handles.
This was the first set of new knives that I ever purchased.
They are amazingly sharp; far beyond my ability with a stone.The kitchen shears are also very useful.
Cosmetic damage doesn't detract from my opinion of them, or from the sharpness of the blades.
The handle is smooth and tight on the tang.
Dishwasher safe is the main thing I look for in a knife, the second is sharpness.
These knives, while not the sharpest in the drawer, are very good.
I've used them for several months as multipurpose knives and they've maintained their edge.
The handles are comfortable, the blades seem strong-- so I highly recommend this set.
These were well priced and are very sharp.
As always the Henckels name bespeaks of a quality knife.
The International series offers unprecedented value for the cost conscious consumer looking to build an affordable kitchen collection with the best of names.
These  knives cut through even the toughest cuts of meat and poultry and have  durable handles that won't break under pressure.
Thy are also well balanced  with fully tined handles.
This is a safe recommendation for any steak  lover.
These are undoubtedly the best kitchen knives we have ever used.
Sure they seemed a bit more expensive than what we can get at BB&B, but the price reflects quality in this case.
The grip is comfortable, and the blades are superb quality.
Easily the best steak knives on the market under $20/each.
I have used real high end steak knives before($100+ per knife) and these are not much different.
There is no point in spending that much unless you have extra money to blow.
The blade design is great for cutting through fat on a rib-eye.
High-end stainless, does not fade in the dishwasher.
Like the other review said, it does "tear" through the meat but that is ok, it is still a fairly clean cut.
Easily cut the fat off the edge of a new york strip steak like its butter.
I bought these for my mother for Christmas.
I have been using them and love them.
We have had the same crappy knives for the past 10 years probably so having something knew is a complete 180.
Cutting up poultry, veggies, anything has been very simple.
It motivates me to cook more!  I love these knives though and am very satisfied given that they aren't expensive.
They are very sharp so be careful around your fingers.
We are actually complemented by our dinner guest on how nicely our knives cut.
For the price I was really impressed I would recommend them to anyone.
Also, we do put ours in the dishwasher and have had them at least 6 month and they are showing no sign of rust.
I ordered a set of these knives more than a year ago when they were offered for less than $30.
We use them daily, they remain extremely sharp, look and feel wonderful, and are a pleasure to use.
I have been washing them regularly in the dishwasher and have not noticed any damage or discoloration to them.
I wanted to buy a second set but they were always approx.
Finally, they were recently on sale for less than $25 so I did buy that second set.
They would have been worth the full price, but I sure love a bargain.
I will be watching for the next sale so I can give some as presents.
They go in the dishwasher every day and still look brand new.
I like them because they are sharp and not too big.
Bought these about 5 years ago for Christmas, and they've been great knives.
Henckels knives, and these are some good ones.These are stamped, high carbon steel knives with no bolster and full tangs.
The handles are POM synthetic which is good for sanitation.
They cut very good, and a lot of it is the blade design.
Only the first 1/4 of the blade is serrated, and the rest is straight.
The serrations are micro-type and because they're along the drop point (where the most cutting is done) it helps to glide through just about anything.
A dull edge won't slice meat, it tears it, and makes a mess of your steak.
That's a problem because you can't sharpen them unless you get creative.
Sturdy and reliable, absolutely no comparison to other block sets in the same price range (assuming they remain on sale).
They need the occasional whetting - as all decent knives do.
This is an excellent set of knives that we purchased here.
The block also had extra spaces for other knives you may have.
These knifes are very heavy duty and if kept in the block when not used, should last a lifetime.
I haven't broken down any large cuts or animals yet.
The balance is great and the feel is nice.
We usually do pig and lamb roasts in the spring/summer.
So I'll be giving it a try then.
This was a Christmas present for my fianc&eacute;e.
He was super excited to get it, hasn't used it yet as far as I know.
He is loyal to the Henckels brand and I'm sure will tell me if anything is wrong with it, and I will update this review.
Henckels cleaver is perfection with balance and heft that provide the leverage to cut quickly and cleanly.
It's made us believers in the quality of cutlery manufactured by this company.
I received this cleaver as graduation present when I finished Culinary School and I have been thankful ever since.
It looks great feels just right in my hand.
And with a name like Henckels you cannot go wrong.
Wow, a knife that cuts so well it's borderline dangerous--love it!.
It has a great handle, balance and proper weight for a great cleaver.
great handle, great weight to the steel, and does a solid job honing my chef's knives.
Everything by Henckel's is always well made and a great product that will last for many, many years.
After using my oil stones to sharpen my knives, this is the best steel I have used to maintain that nice edge.
The handle is nice and bulbous with a good texture to maintain a solid grip.
At 12&#34;, it is an ideal length for honing all of my knives, from pairing knife up to 12&#34; slicer.
The thick hanging ring keeps it hung up and out of the way.
Overall, this a very well-designed and effective item.
I have a really nice knife set or I guess I should say it used to be nice.
My old steel lost it's sharpening ability (which I didn't realize could happen...but it does) so I'd bought an electric knife sharpener.
I knew how harmful sharpeners are for knives but I needed to have sharper knives.
My grandson came over pointed out my errs & so I went on the hunt for a high quality honing steel and I found one.
This one brought my dead knives back to life!.
So honestly, I have a different knife sharpener that I prefer but my hubby and son LOVE this thing.
And if they like it, they will use it.
that means I ALWAYS have a sharp knife in the drawer so I LOVE it too!.
Henckels &#34;Pro S&#34; knives and have struggled to keep them sharp.
Without fully understanding what goes into keeping a knife sharp, I bought a sharpening kit containing different diamond and sandstone surfaces.
This kit removes actual metal from your knife every time you use it.
It did make my knives sharp, but the benefit never lasted more than one or two uses.
I now understand that I should sharpen my knives once or twice a year but I should hone them every time I use them.
I have been using mine for several years already.
It is sturdy, easy to use, and has the hand protector on bottom.
What more can I say and Henkel stands behind their products.
I purchased a set of Henkel EverStar (never need sharpening ) knives that in the 1990's were top of the line and very expensive.
I contacted Henkel in 2008 expecting to get the run around or "Where is your receipt from 13 years ago.
This is THE steel that I keep in my kit.
I love this brand and everything they make.
This piece is of high quality and works well.
If unsure on how to properly use this, don't ruin your knives by trying it yourself.
There may be other knives which have a hardness rating higher than that of this steel.
This steel has a hardness rating of 66, so keep that in mind when you purchase your knives.
And, Japanese knives must be sharpened at a different angle than German knives- I think it's ~10 degrees vs.
I think this is a bit overpriced, hence 1 star being knocked off, but I can't see any other flaws with it.
I like the big beefy handle, very comfortable to hold, and the length is good for my 8&#34; chef's knife.
The whole thing seems to be quite solidly built, should last a very long time.
Helps realign the edge very easily, just a few strokes on each side and you're good to go.
It is long enough to let me hone my larger knifes.
I really enjoy its quality and the ring that it produces is delightful.
When someone bought me a set of *good knives* for a gift this was included.
They thought, and I did as well, that this was a knife sharpener.
As the knives are used the blades lose their *straight* edge...you cant see it with the eye but it effects cutting.
I dont have any experience with any other ones.
Many appear quite similar so its hard to know at times what makes one better than the other.
For them this would be an excellent product.
After moving I could not find my old sharpener so I went out looking for a steel.
I figured my knives didn't need real sharpening so I purchased one of these.
They are back to their old clean slice.
Works well, nice price, nothing more to say that hasn't been said by others.
Every kitchen with a decent chef's knife or two needs a proper steel to keep it sharp.
A few strokes with a steel *before* using a knife will keep a keen edge and allow you to go a lot further between sharpenings.
This steel is as good as any, and has a comfortable handle that won't rot or split like a wood one.
Good little tool - does the job without too much fuss.
I do wish it wasn't so easy to knock off the side of the grill, but with care this shouldn't be a big problem.
I like how it integrates very well with the shape of the round grill and doesn't stick out too far.
Making direct contact with the holder will also make metal tools extremely hot!.
I have a small kitchen and was restocking my knives and associated tools.
The price was reasonable, it is well made and does what it is suppose to do.
In my experience, all products from this manufacturer are superlative and this is no exception.
Keeping good knives ultra sharp with this steel is a breeze.
I have 26 high-end chef's knives which are used in sequence to ensure even wear and therefore need an efficient steel to do the job.
It works great, I thought it would have a little more voltage but it still does the job, I am happy.
Excellent durability and you can feel the edge a bit sharper after a few downward light strokes.
This is the best sharpening steel I've ever had.
And believe me I've been around the block more than once.
This sharpening steel works very well and is a great deal for the price.
This works well on all of them and keeps them sharp.FYI - a steel is made to keep your knives sharp.
If they are really dull they will need to be sharpened first.
This steel has been a very good purchase.
We didn't realize how worn our old tool was!!  It gives a very nive angled edge.
The only downside that I see is the small handle.
It doesn't have that feel in the hand/palm that a sturdier (beefy) shape would have.
It has a composite handle into which the steel is firmly embedded.
The steel hasn't rusted and has trued the edges on many of my blades, including almost daily use with my high-carbon content chefs knife.
Works great, hangs next to my cutting board and was a good value.
My knives were getting a little dull, so I picked this up.
It's easy to use and sharpens very well.
All you need is a few swipes of this sharpening steel on the blade and you're all set.
A few swipes of this and you can slice through a tomato with ease like they do on infomercials for expensive knife sets.
I hone my knives frequently and this steel does the job.
I have the set of Calphalon LX Series knives and the steel treats them very well and keeps them sharp.
This sharpening steel keeps my cheap chef's knife nice and sharp.
I had to thwart an uprising of tomatoes trying to dispose of it.
by that i mean next time i will get one that is a little longer.
I really like the handle and length of the steel.
It is easy to use and does its job well.
The sad thing is that because of the shape of these steels it does not hang from my magnetic knife bar.
Please note, this tool does NOT sharpen the steel on your knives.
No honing tool does, that is not what these are made for.
They instead realign the edge of your knife so that it cuts better.
So it is a great thing to have to keep your knives in good care, but it will not sharpen your knives.
You should have both tools, a tool to hone (this one) and a good tool or service to get your knives sharpened.
How I do it is that I hold my knife in my dominant hand and the honing steel in my other hand.
I slice the knife along the steel as if I am trying to get a very very thin slice of steel off the rod.
I do it 5 times on one side and then just cross my hands and do 5 times on the other side.
Then I go back and do 4 slices on the first side and 4 slices on the other side.
Then I do the same thing over and over again each time doing one less slice.
It takes about a minute per knife and can be a bit fun actually.
Unless you have crazy expensive esoteric knives with extreme hardness, this will keep most kitchen blades &#34;sharp&#34;.
You will still need to initially sharpen your knives with stone or knife sharpener.
While not fancy looking, it is well made and nicely finished.
I have fairly expensive knives that loose their edge.
I have a hand sharpener that works well but now that I have the honer to go with it my knives are razor sharp.
This is a sharpening steel and it works well.
Not much to say on this as it is just a normal steel.
The price was right and it feels good to use.
This steel is well made, and did a nice job of honing the blades on my knives.
Make sure to keep it at about a 20 degree angle to the knife blade, as most knife edges are sharpened at about 20 degrees.
Pass the knife along the steel from haft to blade tip.
Five or six correct passes (not too hard) are all that's required.
You'll see that the very edge of the blade at the cutting surface is a bit shinier than it was before.
Rather than the "two arms windmilling" motion that you often see people use with these, hold it against your countertop, handle up.
For a knife with an edge in pretty bad shape, you may actually feel rough spots as you pull the knife along the steel.
You may want to make a few extra passes with such a knife, if needed, until each pass feels smooth.
Will purchase again when this one wears out, many, many uses from now.
I've never owned a knife sharpener before and noticed that, since my knives all seemed to be getting "dull", it was about time.
I purchased this item because of the great reviews and the popular brand name.
And that is usually enough to make the knife cut better.
I touch up my Henckels Pro S knives regularly and eventually the sharpening steel that came with the set was pretty much used up.
I tried another steel from a well known knife maker and the Pro S knives proceeded to nick little bits of metal from it.
This one that I ordered is identical to the original that came with the set and is performing very well.
I use the steel point-down on the counter and I've learned to anchor the tip of the steel on a damp kitchen sponge.
It keeps the steel from moving and prevents accidents.
After sharpening my knives, a few swipes against the steel is all it takes to keep them cutting neatly and precisely.
It is very useful for a good cooker.
I aways use it while I am cooking.
This is one of the best steels I've ever owned.
If you need something to sharpen your knife, do not buy a Sharpening Steel and then say it doesn't work.
They are not made to sharpen, but to maintain an already sharp blade.
Seems to be of excellent quality and should last a lifetime.
This is the quality I expect from this German Company.
This product will not sharpen dull knives, but it will keep sharp knives in great cutting condition much longer.
I can't imagine you'd see much difference in results from different brands, the knives are what really matter.
This is a very good high quality sharpening steel.
Additionally, this feels sturdy and does the job well.
Just a few swipes and Henckels knife makes slicing tomatoes super super easy!.
Had bought cheaper knife sharpeners and was never satisfied with the job they did.
So far this has done a great job on all my straight edge knives.
It makes my knife sharp and helps it to cut things easier.
this is a great steel and a must have for a set of knifes.
I use it before using my knifes and after I wash them.
Although this claims to be a &#34;sharpening&#34; steel all it does is hone knifes.
For cheaper knifes you can sharpen them at home with a whetstone or ceramic sharpener.
Expensive knifes should be professionally sharpened once a year.
Nice little honing stick but I wish it were a bit longer.
I can definitely tell it brings the edge back each time i use it though.
Bought this because of the price and reviews.
This does NOT sharpen your knife, it hones it.
And this does a great job of it.
This has kept my Shun chefs knife in good shape for months now, and I love it.
Because of this your blade is not perfectly true and needs to be aligned (smoothing down protrusions on the sides of the blade).
This is the first step to sharpening.The second step is to use a stone or specific sharpener to actually sharping the blade.
Henckels Twin Sharp Duo Knife Sharpener, which is a personal preference (and because it is faster and easier than a stone.
Another reason I use that particular sharpener is because it's the same brand as this steel and my knife set (Zwilling J.A.
I bought it because I own several knives from the same manufacturer, although I also own plenty from others.
I sharpen with a Tormec wet grinder, then do a final touch-up with this steel.
This steel has micro grooves, so a light touch works best.
My old Remington 10" carving knife maintains a razor edge with this steel between uses.
A final pass with the Global diamond rod ensures a very fine edge.
Having possessed dozens of sharpeners over 50 years, including stones, steels, electric grinders of many types, I LOVE this one.
In spite of all the sharpening systems I've had, I'm no expert, so the quicker it gets to sharpness, the better for me.
Fits in our block well and my husband has enjoyed having a really good-working steel again.
I use this to sharpen my kitchen knives, I can tell the difference for sure after using this.
I've never used a sharpening steel before, but it was very easy to use.
It doesn't come with directions, so I had to look some up on thekitchn.
I've only used it on one knife so far, but it cut perfectly after just a few swipes on the steel.
I've been using this for a long time and it always work.
Remember though that this works best for honing and not as a sharpener.
This was an excellent steel with a molded handle.
While not a pretty as the "matched set" this is very  functional and our knives don't even notice the molded handle either.
I ended up buying another steel for my daughter and now she has sharp knives as well.
When my wife and I were dividing up the marital property, we both wanted these knives.
We'd been using, and loving, them for years, so I was excited to see that they were still available for purchase.
These knives can even be used for paring.
The price is a bargain relative to other steak knives, too.
These are excellent knives that cut very well and stay sharp.
Highly recommended for cutting up good grass fed beef steaks and such.
EVERY time we use them with company we get comments on how wonderful they are.
I finally have the money to get them some.
The thing I hate about most steak knives is that their handles are either ugly, or they come loose when the knives are older.
They are solid stainless steel, blend in with just about any stainless pattern, and look pretty indestructible.
Elegant, functional, and a nice weight to hold in your hand.
I love the angle of the blade and the elegance of the "neck" of the blade.
This is one piece of metal per knife.
The crisp line between the handle and neck is real, not illusion, but it's not a joint either -- it's protruding, not recessed.
I think these look great as steak knives along with silverware such as "J.A.
Inconsistency of style is why this review has dropped from 5 stars to 4 stars.
The tip is not as rounded as a butter knife, but it is distinctly rounded when compared to the first set.
The tip of the first set is nearly a perfect triangle which is still pictured on the product page as of 24-Nov-2011.
I selected these knives because I wanted high quality steak knives that are also dishwasher safe.
I read somewhere in the description or reviews that they are dishwasher safe.
However, the care instructions in the box say hand washing recommended - no where does it say dishwasher safe.
Aside from that, the knives are stylish and sleek but are smaller and lighter than I expected.
Doesn't appear to be a problem because they do cut wonderfully and that's what important.
Time will tell if they stay sharp and useful but I am quite satisfied with them at this point.
These knives are beautiful on my table and cut very well too.
The style goes well with just about any stainless pattern, and looks like serious cutlery.
Easy dishwasher cleanup and no seams for particles to lodge in.
These are serrated, so they keep their cutting edge sharp when used on hard dinner plates.
Overall, just a great set of knives from a great maker.
These steak knives are beautiful, razor-sharp, and built to last a lifetime.
They are each crafted from a single piece of steel; thus there is no way for food particles to lodge in the knife.
There is no other knife I would rather use than these Henckels knives.What else can I say?  Highly recommended.
I purchased the 8 piece set with a wooden case.
We registered and received 1 set of these knives for our wedding.
They arrived before the wedding; so we were able to use them.
We LOVED how nice and simple the knives look.
They cut meat and other foods wonderfully, 'like butter' as they say.
So, we added  additional sets to our wedding registry.
We've used them for almost a year now and still love them.
Henckels International Mansion Steak Knife Setand quickly up graded to Zwilling J.A.
knives.)  They look almost the same, but there is no comparison: one cuts through thick steak with ease the other doesn't cut at all.
knives for 3-4 years, only washing them in the dishwasher, and they still look brand new.
found we needed to double up our steak knife set.
I was attracted by this products price (low).It seems to work well.
A couple of strokes should be all that's needed.
I tried this sharpener (for practice) on the ...Farberware knives I hadn't touched since I tried Henckels 4-star and Pro-S knives.
The knife cuts much more smoothly, and the sharpener eliminated any "dead spots" in the cutting edge.
The sharpener design and knife guides make it easy to hold the knife square in relation to the sharpening elements, resulting in a clean edge.
You can see from the other reviewers mixed reviews of this device.This is a very good honing device.
This makes the knife seem dull and not cut well.
Honing the blade uses a device to make this edge "stand up" and the blade to cut much better.
Sharpening can also change the angle of the blade, providing a sharper or more durable edge depending on the application needs.
Henckels Twin Pro S 12-Inch Honing Steelfor my knives in the kitchen, but that is preference.
I LIKE IT BECAUSE IT HANDY TO TAKE WHERE I WANT TO SHARPEN MYFISHING & HUNTING KNIFES, ALWAYS KEEPING THEM SHARP.
I love cooking and you need sharp knives when cooking.
I've owned more expensive, electric sharpeners and have abandoned all of them for this simple sharpener.
This is actually the third one I've owned over the past 15 years.
It's small so you can keep it handy in the knife drawer.
I love it and will buy it again when this one wears out.
I gave a bad review to the Oxo Good Grips paring knife because it never held an edge.
And it held through a good few hours of peeling and cutting.
I'm left handed so it's a bit more difficult for me to use with my right hand.
I previously thought the small hand-held Chef's Choice sharpener.
did a very good job, but the Henckels is cheaper, easier to use, and, I think, does a better job of keeping the blade sharp.
I assume that this design must be responsible for the strong sharpening effect.
After over 10 years of use, my Henckels shears look and function the same as the day I bought them.
This is the type of simple tool for which you will find 100 different uses in and around the kitchen over the years.
I grew up with a pair of these in my parents home and recently introduced a pair to my first home with my wife.
I recently visited a relative lacking in sharp kitchen utensils; cooking there was difficult.
I thought of the one tool I use most in my kitchen and it was my 10 year old ZJA Kitchen Shears.
Sent it to him and he's amazed.I try to use them only as a kitchen utensil.
I have less expensive Fiskars, garden shears, box knives, etc.
I purchased these about 2 years ago and they still work as well as they did the first tie I used them.
Even cutting through small chicken bones was a simple task.
Comfortable in either hand, sharp & durable blade, and reputable brand.
this item arrived in a timely manner and it was exactly as described, I have had glowing reports of the efficacy of these shears.
So if you are a kitchen person these high quality shears are for you.
These appear to be made very well and they're extremely sharp.
The reason for a four star is because they're a bit uncomfortable...could be I just need to get used to new scissors.
Of the three pair of scissors we have in the kitchen, these Zwilling J.A.
The cutting capabilities can handle anything they were made for.
It should be noted, like any many things found in the kitchen, these should not be cleaned in the dishwasher.
Under most circumstances, they really do not have to be cleaned.
When I do wash them it depends upon what I am using them for.
If I am preparing food I will normally give them a short scrub in hot water with just a bit of bleach added to disinfect.
I also do this any time after I use them to cut meat or chicken.
The hot water helps them to instantly dry and a paper towel is all that is needed.
I have had no problems what so ever with rust or food build up around the screw.
This build-up is normally caused by not cleaning them often enough.
This is important for folks who have a touch of arthritis as my wife does.
She has no problems in using these things.It should be noted that these have a life time warranty.
It should also be noted that these sheers ARE NOT MEANT TO CUT METAL OF ANY SORT...This includes wire and aluminum cans and such.
If you want to cut this sort of stuff - use the proper tool to do so.Now we do have other brands in our kitchen.
They are all good but I must tell  you that they are of a comparable price.
I've had a pair of shears like this for almost 25 years, and they are still in great shape and I use them pretty frequently.
I'm buying two for my brother and my daughter.
I bought two brands of kitchen shears to compare.THESE ARE THE BEST.I love this pair of kitchen scissors, and use them every day.
I use these shears in my kitchen and find them very efficient.
So far, I see no reason to sharpen them!.
I use these at least once a day.
Cuts right through chicken and turkey backs for efficient spine removal to make butterfly birds.
Has a multitude of kitchen uses from snipping herbs to cutting parchment paper to fit a cooking pan.
Our kitchen shears finally broke in the handle.
Not as cheap as others, but high quality.
My only real complaint is that the red plastic button fell off within a week or so.
This is my second set of Henckels in a dozen years.
You really must wash and dry the scissors right away.
I am finally replacing a Henckels kitchen shears I purchased 12 years ago.
Let's see if this one will last another 12 years.
I use it for cutting chicken breast bones and fresh herbs, while  my kids use it to cut their pizzas into smaller slices.
I called customer service, and they replaced it with a new one after I returned it to them.
I purchased these scissors for my Mother because she is old and frail and has difficulty operating knives.
I've had my pair for over 20 years and they are still my favorite.
There are cheap Chinese copies of this out there - down to the big red dot at the pivot.
Henckels cut about everything including chicken skin - the other ones don't.
They get daily use and have been holding up very well.
They still appear new and they operate just as well as the day they came out of the box.
Their edges hold very well, they don't need sharpening yet.
I use them daily and enjoy the comfortable feel of their handles.
My wife often &#34;borrows&#34; them and doesn't seem to believe that they should be put back where she found them.
She's even tried to replace them with an inferior pair of scissors, thinking I wouldn't notice.
In retaliation, I'm ordering her another pair of these shears and hope that will encourage her to leave &#34;mine&#34; alone!.
These have nice smooth action and sharp blades.
I've had them for quite a while and they're still like brand new.
These things are pricey as scissors go, but they're well worth it if you'd actually like to cut anything.
Most of the higher-end Henckle products are of good quality, and these are no exception.
I got tired of the cheap things that stop cutting after the first month and replaced them with these.
They're a great choice if you're willing to pay a bit more.
I have been struggling along with cheap Ikea scissors for years.
Decided to treat myself to these and dont regret it.
They have been up to every task that I asked of them.
I am left handed so sometime's have trouble woth scissors, not these ones.
I hope they give me many years of good service.
I didn't purchase this for myself but for my granddaughter's husband who is a chef in training and didn't have a knife roll.
It was delivered promptly and he was happy with the gift.
This is a great well made case with lots of pockets for your basics.
It's pefect for your home cook who wants to keep knives packed or who will travel with knives on occasion.
Our friend tells everyone what a great gift it was every time he pulls it out.
If you do &#34;on-the-road&#34; chef work, this is a perfect traveling companion..It hold my 10&#34; blade and my smaller blades.
I use this Knife roll to store any seldom used knives in my set.
The roll is high quality but rather long and hard to store.
I'm starting culinary school and I bought this roll to store my new knives.
Seems to be made really well and should work well protecting my knives and other essential kitchen items.
Great knife roll if you need to transport 7 or fewer knives.
Heavy duty nylon with a nice Velcro securing system.
I recommend this if you need to transport knives for any reason.
Great, cheap, just wish it had a sling or clips to put one.
This works great for carrying just a few knives or items.
I also have a larger Shun knife bag that's rather large and carries more equipment.
The Henckels works much better for less items and easier to access your knives.
You knife handles go in the mesh, not the blade.
That's why there is a large flap, to go over the blades to prevent them from cutting or touching other blades.
If I need to go to a friend's to help process I can take them with me and not have to worry about them.
We use this to store our old extra knives for when we go to friends' houses or travel to cook.
This is a great way to carry them without worrying about damaging the blades or having the blades damage anything else.
I travel with a lot of kitchen tools, so I use this for those tools including my knives.
Its great to roll out and roll back up after I'm done with work!.
I needed something to transport my knives from class, to home, and to our vacation cabin.
This was well priced, good quality and very functional.
Much better price than the chef supply store!.
This is a great product for holding your knives.
My wife and I got a nice set of Henckel knives as a wedding present.
I couldn't figure out how I could transport the knives.
Along with the Blade Savers, this roll bag does a great job of protecting as well as allowing us to safely transport our knives.
It holds enough knives to be effective and it's long enough to hold my really long chef's knife (WITH the tip-guard on).
I'm planning to buy another one for backup when the one I have eventually wears out.
Not sure how anyone could expect a better product for around $20.
I use it to tote my fish cleaning knives (large Dexter Russel types w 8" blades) in their own somewhat bulky plastic sleeves.
Works great, holds at lease 7 knives, a small sharpener and a plastic (Bicco) fish scaler with ease.
Easy to clean vinyl covering and secure mesh divided elastic pockets inside.
Side flaps keep all the knives inside when folded up.
Would by a second if I had more knives.
If you are just starting out in the food industry or have a limited budget this is a good way to tote around your knives.
I would recommend blade guards with any case, also.
my battle axes got a little scratched up from not realizing that.
it was a good starter but I do prefer my messermeister case.Messermeister 8-Pocket Knife Roll, Black.
It holds multiple knives of various shapes and sizes.
The handles are held secure while a flap presses against the blades to hold them in place without the sharp blades cutting/destroying any seams.
I cannot speak of the longevity of using it every day as we only use it occasionally.
I really like this roll, except that the mesh is kind of a pain.
It would be a better roll with a better material than mesh on the knife pockets.
I have been using it for more than a month, every single day, and I love it more every day.Fits perfectly into my small hands.
Long ago, I bought a Henckels International knife set which included, as I recall, a 3 1/2&#34; paring knife.
I broke the tip off, and ordered another to replace it.
What I got was a smaller version of my Henckels 6&#34; chef's knife in a 4&#34; size.
This 4&#34; version is the same quality, only smaller.
I also bought the 8 inch chef's knife.
Both knives are must haves for any kitchen.
This mid-priced line of Henckel knives, called &quot;Classic&quot; by the company, is a full-tang, single-piece, three-rivet line with sturdy black plastic handles.
The handles are notched at the end to prevent the hand from sliding off during use.
Although they are not razor sharp right from the package, their edges are sharp enough for the average cook.
Although the paring knife blade is also longer than my Chicago Cutlery paring knife, the change in weight isn't fully offset.
Still, I like this knife, and with the other Henckel Classics that I own, it makes a good addition to my cutlery.
We had another Henckel's paring knife that we liked very much for almost 20 years but it mysteriously disappeared (We probably inadvertantly threw it out).
I can see where others might rate it as their all time favorite knife.
I would like a larger grip on mine.
Great style, good quality, and perfect size knife for the kitchen.
I gave this to a friend who desperately needed a decent knife.
It's the perfect size and the one I use every time I cook.
This is my third or fourth knife from Henckels; and I have been satisfied enough in the past to buy four of these sight unseen.
We do routinely put these in the dishwasher and have seen no negative effects yet in the first few months.
Like this entire Henckels series, a terrific value!.
These knives, when cared for properly, will perform for years.
I purchased these as a gift and the recipient was very happy.
These are a great value for the quality.
Old one had cracked handle so don't let them soak in dishwater unnecessarily.
I have a few smaller paring knives, a Global, and a Shun, and they are both great.
This one, however, is easier to sharpen, and the extra 1/2 inch helps if you want to quickly slice something small.
For the price, it is pretty much unbeatable.
If you want something even sturdier, also get the 3 1/2 inch version.
The biggest problem with this, be careful, it's so sharp it's easy to cut yourself:-)  Very useful knife.
Henckel knives are always good quality and a delight to use, this knife is no exception.
I received this knife as part of a set for a wedding gift almost 12 years ago.
I didn't really know much about knives at the time and they seemed OK but I was never really impressed.
Over time, of course, they have become dull and my husband and I have both become much more serious cooks.
We've been slowly replacing them with Shun knives as we find them on sale.
WOW!  What a difference a proper sharpening makes.
They are much sharper than I ever remember them being, even when new.
I'm now loving this paring knife in particular.
For some jobs, including 6" utility knife and bread knife, I prefer the thinner Japanese style knives.
It has a full size handle that is really easy to get a good grip on.
We have a Global paring knife and although the blade is sharp I can't get good control because the handle is so small and thin.
It seems that knife manufacturers frequently scale the handles to the knife, but my hand doesn't change size.
I still need a good handle, even on a small knife.
Love this knife, it is so sharp and I will replace each one of my knives with JA Henckels as needed.
Just have had the knife for a couple of weeks and I like it a lot.
Hopefully it will hold its edge well and sharpen easily.
I had my first Henckels paring knife like this for about ten years....best I ever had.
Unfortunately, I lost it (threw away by accident?) and have been "lost" without it.
Although it's a midprice tool, it takes and holds a good edge, fits my hand nicely, and is well balanced.
I find it's the first knife I reach for, for nearly every task.
I've given one like it as a gift and gotten the same positive feedback from the recipient.
It's an excellent value for the money, and when I buy knives, I look for more in this line.
I usually use only two knives: a 3-inch paring knife and an 8-inch cooks knife.
I was needing a knife for slicing and sandwich-making that had a bit smaller blade height than the cooks knife.
This thing slices tomatoes like a dream and is a perfect size for cutting sandwiches.
This knife is long and slender and has a very sharp needle-like point that really isn't useful to me.
I keep poking myself with it! Still, a fine knife!.
I have made a mistake of buying a set of serrated knifes earlier this fall, but quickly realized how awful they are at cutting meats.
I bought this knife almost a year ago and have used it frequently ever since.
I have not sharpened it but I have thrown it in the dishwasher and subjected it to more than its share of abuse.
This knife still cuts like the day it was new.
This is a good quality Henckels knife that is a perfect size in the kitchen.
This is a great addition to my kitchen.
A good knife should never be serrated so it can be sharped.
The edge of a knife is a singular point and the sharpness is only determined by the way it is sharpened and the steel composition.
A cheap knife after sharpening will go dull quickly and settle to a stable sharpness (much less shaper than a higher end knife).
That's why you will see knifes have difficulties cutting through tomato and pork skins.
I finely got the set together after getting this knife.
You have to be real careful with these knives especially if you have been using dule knives in the kitchen.
Me and my wife have cut ourselves with these knives many times.
They are razor sharp andeasy to keep that way.
I have a number of good knives but this one stands out as the one I use the most by far.
I bought this one as a second to the same knife I have had for many years.
My classic 6-inch utility knife from Henckels is well made.
It is sturdy and fits well in my hand.
My husband was also really impressed with its construction.
Although Henckel knifes are dishwasher safe, I always wash my knifes by hand.
the handle is full size and fits larger hands well while not being too big for the wife to use.
enough knuckle relief when chopping that you don't bang the cutting board when chopping.
I bought this Spanish Henckel not wanting to spend twice as much on the German version and Im glad I did.
When I compare this knife to my German made Wusthof Santuko, I would say its 95% as good in quality.
Same steel (x50 Cr Mo v 15) is used in both and I think pretty much all German knives.
Save your money on the supposed "German" made version, which are mostly made by robots.
If you're a serious at home chef, but you're not a 'professional' I think this is a good price level for your kitchen knives.
My most common use is cutting up entire packages of bacon and cooking it all at once (sort of &#34;Lardon&#34;) to add into other dishes.
everything from Salads to Mac & Cheese for example.
Keep it nice and sharp and you should be slicing through the entire batch in one stroke.Forged, full tang knives are a must for me.
Keep them sharp, don't put them through the dish washer, and they'll last you a long time.
This mid-priced line of Henckel knives, called &quot;Classic&quot; by the company, is a full-tang, single-piece, three-rivet line with sturdy black plastic handles.
The handles are notched at the end to prevent the hand from sliding off during use.
Although they are not razor sharp right from the package, their edges are sharp enough for the average cook.
The tip is extremely sharp, allowing for an exact and easy puncture to begin cutting.
Several years ago we purchased the 15 piece J.A.
It needed two more knives, a bread knife and a carving knife.
We purchased the bread knife at the same time we purchased the 15 piece set.
Although there is a large chef's knife with the original purchase, we wanted the carving knife to complete the set.
They too have been amazed at the quality and edge on the J.A.
They have been envious for quite some time.
Extremely sharp and cuts through everything I've tried so far.
Definitely worth the price as well since it's so well made.
I have owned this same knife for 7 yrs.
and my son has been envious all of that time.
I bought this one for his birthday gift since he has been too lazy or cheap to get his own.
Just great for chopping and slicing whatever foods you cook.
As an amateur chef just beginning out, I was recommended this knife by two good cooks I know.
As expected, they did not steer me wrong.
The blade is extremely fine, cutting meats is effortless.
There are no cons as far as I am concerned.
It pairs well with the Messermeister 8-inch chef knife guard; a perfect fit for $5.60.
I needed to purchase an 8 inch chef knife, a kitchen staple, and had been browsing around stores.
The options were usually very expensive, or had a stainless steel handle.
This chef's knife has a higher quality handle which is comfortable to use, and is of the reputable brand Henckels.
The blade is very sharp, which is actually safer for cooking as you are less likely to hurt yourself.
The knife is also lightweight, and fits easily into my knife block.
I have been using it for 3 weeks and am incredibly satisfied with this purchase.
I anticipate that this knife will last many years.
The handle on my old knife finally broke after twenty years and I wanted another, just like it.
It seems nice and sharp, but they have made the edges of the knife more rigid so it is far less comfortable to hold.
I hope that the manufacturing quality hasn't gone down that much.
I did expect a more pleasant handle for the price.
We'll see if this holds up.Update# 1:Upon closer inspection, this knife uses half the metal than the older same model knife.
The manufacturer appears to be cutting corners (pun intended).
I also bought the 4 inch paring knife.
Both knives are must haves for any kitchen.
This mid-priced line of Henckel knives, called &quot;Classic&quot; by the company, is a full-tang, single-piece, three-rivet line with sturdy black plastic handles.
The handles are notched at the end to prevent the hand from sliding off during use.
Although they are not razor sharp right from the package, their edges are sharp enough for the average cook.
The handle is ample for even the largest of hands, but not so large to be inconvenient for those with smaller hands like me.
I have been needing a chef knife for awhile as I had an old cheap one.
I was planning on spending $100 on one, but decided to go with this one because of the good reviews.
The handle is nice and heavy balancing the cutting action nicely.
Very professional and not as pricey as other pro knives out there.
This high quality knife is always out in use in my kitchen.
Good style, high quality, dishwasher safe knife that keeps its sharpness use after use.
I have had my Henckels set for over 15 years and in 2007 I dropped one of the knives and the blade broke in half.
I threw out the blade and kept the handled part and continued to use it as a utility knife.
So unless the woman misused the knife or damaged it herself, they will replace it unconditionally.
Wonderful knife...would buy this brand over and over again.
This chef's knife has changed how I prepare foods.
I now look like a TV chef chopping without mishap.
My knife is now almost 4 years old and is as nice today as when I bought it.
I use it for any cutting chore in the kitchen and it has stayed very sharp.
You can pay more but why would you?.
This knife is comfortable in by large hands.
it rocks on the board for chopping herbs and slices like a dream.
The handle off set is large enough that I don't smash my knuckles when I use it.
It's edge is sharp as a scalpel and its balance feels good in the hand.
About a month ago I looked at the motley assortment of knives in my kicthen and resolved to get one decent chef's knife.
I didn't wanted to spend a fortune, but at the same time I didn't want a cheap piece of garbage that was impossible to sharpen.
Luckily I found this Henckels.The handle appears to be synthetic; it grips like wood, but doesn't swell up, loosen or stain.
At 8&quot; long it's a good all-around blade, suitible for almost all kitchen cutting needs.
It's got some heft to it as well.
Made of high-carbon stainless, it holds a very sharp edge but it's not impossible to sharpen.
From the first slice the knife has proven its weight in gold.PLUSSES1.
I'm pleased with the weight because it adds to the ease in chopping, so I don't need to apply so much pressure to each chop.2.
Handle design includes finger grips, especially at the end, and that keeps my hand firmly on the handle.6.
Sharp out of the box so I haven't needed to sharpen it yet, but I understand it holds sharpness for a very long time.7.
Blade shape makes for easy rocking cutting motions.I'm completely satisfied with this Henckels 8&#34; Knife and will recommend it and give it as a gift.
Wonderfully sharp for the price, solid feel, balance feels great, and has a solid weight.
We'll see how it holds up but very happy for now.
Havent had to sharpen it, owned it for several months.
The recipients seem to be very happy with this gift.
It is exactly what they asked for, but at a better price!!Packed well, shipped fast.
I really enjoy cooking and nothing makes it more relaxing than a beautifully well balanced quality knife.
I am lucky enough to own three incredible knives, a Shun 7" Santoku, a Wusthof 7" Santoku, and my J.A.
It is beautifully made and really the best for general cooking purposes.
It's solid, and the blade is sturdy, yet tapers to a wonderful edge.
And I can use it for finer cutting that a person might generally reserve for a paring knife.
The Shun is beautifully made and the damascus steel is terrific, but the angle of the blade's edge can be frustrating.
The Henckel Classic 8" is the workhorse of the kitchen and such a pleasure to use.
This is a nice butcher knife,and was a good price as we work on completing our set.
The customer service was excellent - the package arrived on time and as promised.
&#34;I don't think that many would be unhappy with this knife if they want a good solid Chef's knife at a reasonable price.&#34;.
I've used this knife for quite some time, and it's wonderful.
It holds an edge rather well, and it sharpens easily.
For the price, I think this knife can't be beat!.
This knife was a Christmas gift for my mother, who generally enjoys cooking but isn't the type to invest in high-quality kitchen equipment.
I used it while visiting and really enjoyed it.
My mother is someone who cut everything with serrated knives so for her this knife is amazing.
For a more serious or advanced cook, it may not be the best choice.
This chef's knife is the best that I have ever used.
I have used it daily for the last year on everything and it has not lost its sharpness.
If you are looking for a do-it-all knife than your search is over.
You can spend more on a knife but I doubt it will perform any better.
It's shorter than I imagined but I guess that's my fault for not knowing how long 7 inches actually are.
Great bread knife that gets the job done without breaking the bank.
Full tang, nice heft, and cuts through hard crusty bread effortlessly.
An amazing addition to our set! Fits perfectly into the block.
Worth the cost to have a great bread knife.
I bought this knife and a few others to complete my block set.
The international classic is a step above their cheapo ones, yet not too expensive.
Works very nicely, sharp, handle easy to hold.
The smallish serrations compared to other knives threw me off a bit, but it glides through bread effortlessly.
this is a very sharp and durable knife but must be used with care as it could take a finger off if misused.
but all in all most cooks should have one.
I purchased this knife as an addition to the Henckel International Classic set I already have.
This set of knifes is great and very sharpe.
I oredered the knife and it arrived quicker than I expected.
I compared quality bread knives and Henckels stood out as being among the best and priced right.
I'm sure I'll be using this for a long time!.
I had a party at my house and the next day I noticed the knife was missing from my knife block.
I looked for weeks and couldn't find it so I ordered a new one.
I like the knife which is why I bothered replacing it.
Oh and the knife did show up about a month later.
You should have seen my face when he brought it back and told me what he used it for.
A tad expensive but worth it, I highly recommend you get yourself one just for general purpose around the kitchen use.
I have more than one because I find myself always needing it.
I've used other meat cleavers and this is THE one for me.
Excellent weight and balance and I just love how it feels in use in the kitchen.
I can compare to similar knives used in Wusthof line (of which is also excellent but I like this specific cleaver best).
For years I never owned a cleaver and then I saw Julia Child using one and a butcher friend recommend this one.
The handle is a nice weight and the blade is designed to allow me to dice-rock at a nice speed.
Like I said I never owned or thought I needed a cleaver, then I was proven wrong when I bought this one.
I bought this to cut out the back bone of a turkey.
I've been using this mostly as a veggie slicer.
I also use it on chickens or roasts.
It has a nice weight to it and comes fairly sharp.
It's not going to fit in a block, so the hook hole is nice to have.
A nice medium weight cleaver for cutting use.
Too small for using on frozen meats, but for slicing and dicing its great,.
Hard to maintain a sharp edge, but that might be too many onions being chopped up!.
Seems to be well built and has a decent edge to it.
That being said the price was cheap and overall value seems to be pretty solid for this purchase.
Our dogs are on a RAW diet and I use this to chop chickens & turkeys and other meat for them.
This easily chops through a turkey neck and is super sharp.
I purchased mine from amazon about a year ago, and I have never needed to sharpen it.
It still performs as well as when I got it.
Sometimes I feel guilty not using my chef's knife anymore.
Whoever manufactured the blade of this (it says Spain on the blade) has the right technology indeed.
I have always relied on the reviews whenever I make a purchase, and once again the reviews did not let me down.
Excellent meat cleaver, good weight, extremely sharp, great price, very durable.
I would highly recommend this meat cleaver as part anyone's kitchen set of knives.
I have always marveled at the guys in the local shops whacking at the chicken, etc with a meat cleaver.
I think I bought the thing for reasons of machismo alone.
But, how easy it makes preparing meat and foul.
It  feels like an appropriate weight to my male hands.
A couple of cuts and my chicken is dispatched.
The knife looks well-made but it lacks the bolster of high-end Henckels.
Unless you are cleaving whale or walrus, I doubt it matters.
This has what you are looking for at a great price, unless you just want to spend a fortune for the absolute best.
My mother, who is a much better cook than I, somehow got a small cut on her hand.
She is Asian and is accustomed to using a cheapy butcher knife.
I have used this to cut through watermelon.
It wasn't as wide as I pictured it.
I thought it was going to have a bigger flatter surface for shoveling food like a spatula.
You need to cut cut cut cut chop chop slice scoop with your hand and drop in the pan quickly.
Still a QUALITY knife and I'm proud to add it to my collection.
The weight is just right, and it holds its sharp edge very well.
I've sharpened it a few times but not much.
I would definitely buy another product from this company.
I especially like this for chopping up vegetables because the weight makes it feel easier to control.
Make sure you have a good surface to cut on.
MY husband broke the tip off of the one I had.
SO he got me this as a replacement.
Fits in my tiny hands nicely, has a very sharp blade and my veggies are affaid of it.
love these knives and would have no other as well as my son who also is a cook.
I have just about all the different sizes.
My paring knife to my set disappeared, so I was happy to find a replacement on Amazon.
It's a bit shorter than the paring knife that came with my set, but it's close enough and it gets the job done.
Henckels 3" Fine Edge paring knife for 6 months.
It was a great knife until a family member decided to stick it in a meat grinder last night.
But we won't hold that against the knife.The handle is comfortable and easy to grip.
The handle includes a very good front quillon to keep fingers from sliding onto the blade.
Even though the blade is stainless steel, it kept the fine edge and never needing to be sharpened nor honed.
I think that I prefer a slightly longer blade.
The Fine Edge line of knives is a discount line, and prices are quite modest.
I bought an 8" Fine Edge chef's knife at the same time and have been very happy with it also.
The main difference between these discounted Fine Edge knives and some of the more expensive Henckels lines, other than price, seems to be cosmetic.
Thanks to the encounter with the meat grinder I now am shopping for a new paring knife.
I am a huge fan of these knives.
I would have loved more options on sizes as a set, but this single knife is pretty darn great for most kitchen needs.
Henckles makes the best low/mid budget knives out there.
These knives fit nicely in my hands, and more importantly in my mothers hands.
They keep their sharpness beautifully and as long as they are taken good care of, I expect them to last a very long time!.
I liked this knife due to its ease of sharpening and its flexibility.
However, a friend came over and bent the tip of the knife, which I have not had success fixing.
I just wish there was a medium between flexibility and durability.
I bought a few of these knives to use for paring or general purposes.
Obviously they aren't as nice as professional chef knives in the Henckels line, but they are good enough for me.
Henckel's knifes are the best and this beauty is no exception.
German quality and craftsmanship are second to none.
This one came used, but in excellent condition.
For the low price, it is just what I need.
I even let him use it before I gifted the knife to him.
He loves this knife and it seems to be really good quality.
I do a lot of home-cooking for quality, health, and economic reasons.
Henckels International (JAHI) bread knife to prepare food, not just to slice bread.
I use it to cut all kinds of vegetables into smaller pieces, as well as to slice tofu, cheese, and bread.
The blade is 7 3/4 inches in length, and the whole knife is 12 1/4 inches long.
The knife handle is much more comfortable to hold and has a higher quality feel compared to the previous generation.
I recievea breadmaker sometime back, and loved it.
But when I would use a regular knife to divy out pieces, the bread would end up smooshed.
My only gripe is that it rusted after about 6 washings.
It cost so little, and it still works, so it is small complaint.
If I had tons of money I would have a kitched equiped like a fine chef.
However being one of the 98% that doesn't happen here.
The price was right and the knife is great.
So hurry before I buy them out! Hahaha.
I purchased this at BB & B for a reasonably cheap price.
I just started bread baking and didn't want to invest too much too soon.
My first loaf out of the oven was too tempting to wait for it to cool.
I cut a few slices with it hot and the knife cut through it with minimal crumbing and a nice even cut.
We will see about the longevity of the knife since this is only the first I've used it.
The name Henckels is assurance in itself of a quality knife as German ingenuity translates into this simple but utterly efficient device.
The International series is an excellent value  for anyone looking to start a Henckels set or anyone looking for an  excellent value.
These knives have durable blades and the handles are  strong and well weighted  making cutting even easier.
No kitchen should be  complete without the durabilty and ingenuity of a Henckels.
Put this one on  your wedding shower/engagement party gift list as no new kitchen would be  complete without this superior bread knife.
Hoffritz makes such a strip, attractiveenough with its teak base butrather low in holding power: even"magnetic" stainless is less than strongly attracted by magnets.
after a couple of knives slipping,I built a  teak plaquewith a support just under the knives's handles.
no complaints, no praises...other than it cuts bread.
When I shopped, this seemed like the best priced bread knife.
It works perfectly, but if there's cheaper out there...unless you're set on the looks of this one, get the cheaper one.
They're bread knives - they have to be very good to do what they're supposed to do.
I've had this knife for years, use it for everything and couldn't be happier.
I thought it would dull easily or wear down, after all it's only $10, but I was wrong.
Simply fantastic for cutting bread, but also useful for vegetables and other tasks.
The only thing it doesn't cut well is meat.
This knife is a great value for a bread knife.
Its sharp and slices bread and cakes very well.
I have had this knife for several years now and it has never rusted nor lost its edge.
Someone said this is not true Henkels, but it is.
This is a great buy and if I could only have three knives, this would certainly be one of them.J.A.
Henckels International Fine Edge Pro 8-inch Stainless-Steel Bread Knife.
I had my doubts when I paid only [price] for a Henckels knife that it would actually be a decent piece of cutlery.
No need to worry! This is a great knife.
It is sturdy, it keeps its edge, and it looks great with my other Henckels knives.
This is by far the best bread knife I've ever used.
I'm very pleased with the quality, and I'm glad I took a chance on ordering it.
This is a well made knife and looks and feels it.
First of all there is nothing like stainless steel for a blade.
And the handle is classic professional kitchen cutlery.
I like this on better than the carbon steel that I had bought at an earlier time.
I chose this knife after reviewing dozens of bread knives and finally took a chance because of the great price.
It slices velvety cake or airy artisanal breads without crushing.
My only advice is that if too much crumb sticks to the blade, then the bread is too hot to cut.
But, hey, who doesn't want bread hot from the oven?.
I bought this Henckels bread knife in 2002 and it's still my favorite bread knife.
I have no trouble slicing through bread with it.
It feels solid in the hand and it's as lovely now as it was back when it was new.
I am happy with this knife as it has worked good to excellently on all types of bread / cake products for last 3 months.
It could be a bit sharper and is only "good" on very crusty bread, but still slices with only slight deformation.
If you use point to create a "starting place" it works well enough though and good value for price.
sharp, seems like solid construction, little on the light side (compared to a much more expensive knife).
I have a bread machine that says I should wait fifteen minutes to cut the loaf.
With this knife, I can cut it immediately.
Hand feel is good and the size works well for cutting crusty breads with a soft center.
Used this knife at my daughters for everything because it was the only sharp knife that she had.
Brand name is not an issue when it comes to bread knives.
You really don't need to spend too much on it!This knife works equally as well as a Wusthof one, for a fraction of the price.
The weight of the knife is heavy enough to slice through a loaf of baguette easily without having to put in extra wrist power.
Large serrated break knife has worked great with every loaf we have tried it on.
I have not tried it on anything else so i cannot speak for its versatility.
The folks who I bought these for love it.
I think it is a pretty decent buy.
My friend absolutely loved this set of knives.
Henckels that I use daily so had thought my friend would love the set.
Good knives are a must in any kitchen.
Seriously, bad knives get people hurt; while sharp knives prevent accidents by requiring much less force to cut things.
Buy these knives and save your hands.They arrived sharp and ready to use.
This is the second set of them I have bought.
My first set has seen many years of daily use and is still in great shape.
I have bought this set of knives to give as a gift on numerous occasions.
I have used all of them and they are great.
Have you ever been to someone's house and helped them in the kitchen with dull, icky knives.? It is a nightmare.
They have to be properly sharpened once in a while.
These knives stay true to the quality and efficiency of the brand.
The size of the knives are perfect for everyday use.
I actually also have these same but with micro-serrated blades.
I was wanting something I could take to sharpen and maintain, and these are frickin' awesome.
Classic set.I bought a set of Santoku knives to match.
The only thing I wish I'd done differently is that I should have gotten a steak knife set at the same time.
Cheap!  Nice quality for the price, I think you'd be hard pressed to find better.
I bought this knife at a store more than five years ago.
I have several knives that I never use anymore because this knife is my&#34; go to&#34; one, used for everything---truly a utility knife.
I use it everyday and it stays sharp, unlike the others I own.
Even though hand washing is recommended, it goes in my dishwasher and it's still like new.
I am buying one for a gift for friend who uses mine when he's here and wants one for himself.
For someone with only 3 knives (the minimum I'd recommend), this can handle a wide range of tasks.
Nice set for carving that turkey (or other meat)when you can't afford the really good equipment.
The blade has micro serrations that work well but it isn't the old fashion type blade that you can sharpen yourself.
I got this knife to go along with my other Henkel Eversharp knives.
It works well for all purpose cutting and smaller jobs such as cutting oranges and lemons.
So far mine has stayed sharp and the tip is still in tact.
I would recommend this knife if you are looking for a durable all purpose knife for smaller jobs.
It's hard to go wrong with any Henckels knife.
That said, I read other reviews and thought that this knife would be an improvement for cutting vegetables for my salads.
The serrated blade tends to shred mushrooms rather than cut them thinly, and my tomatoes, also fairly soft, get mushy in the cutting.
So, for softer items, this knife loses a star with me.
On the other hand, it slices firmer items just fine, such as bread, sandwiches, meats, onions and celery and semi-ripe avocados.
Again, though, I had no luck slicing anything thinly with this knife.
The label also includes a website if you have other questions.
I recently contacted them about a paring knife that was over 25 years old with a bent blade.
So, I already know that if this knife does not hold up over time, Henckels will stand behind their product.
I use this one for slicing tomatoes especially since it has the serrated edges.
I wasn't sure if this knife would do what I wanted it to, it does.
It is sharp enough for me to cut through half frozen roasts with ease.
I am one of those people who, when I find something that works, I buy a bunch of them.
So I have six of these.It is the perfect size for just about any utility job in the kitchen.
They have all stayed very sharp and are built very well.Highly recommended.
This is definitely the sturdiest, sharpest bread knife I've ever owned.
The blade is completely rigid, no bending ever.
The blade is super sharp, easily cutting through bread or whatever else I put it up against.
Makes me wonder how I went so long with my old bread knife.
I used those expensive competitors, but Henckels beats them all.
Its form, shape and superior quality is better and the Eversharp brand is tops.
This knife came free with the carving set I bought.
Wish it was longer to I can use my plastic holder to slice home made bread.
Works well when using for bagels and free hand bread slicing.
This bread knife gets the job done in record time with very little hand/wrist effort.
Very little pressure on the knife was needed in order to slice through a loaf of very crusty bread from the bakery.
In fact, my hand and wrist felt great after slicing the entire loaf into small pieces for appetizers, and the knife created very few crumbs.
My wife has been on a kick lately making home made bread.
We ve got knives of all types and variety's but didn't actually have the bread knife in our collection.
So slicing bread was sometimes a bit tedious but not any longer ! This baby goes through fresh bread like a champ.
If you are looking for sharp...these are the ones.
They are good for steak cutting and other rigorous types of meats, etc.
But, when using to butter bread, etc..get a butter knife.
Exactly like the ones I bought 10 years ago.
Just shinier!! I would definitely buy another set.
I have been a user of quality knives for at least 2 decades, owning some pretty expensive knives in my block.
Full tang and a sexy, professional shape that evokes a steak-house restaurant vibe.
Do not confuse these with the regular Eversharp steak knives that are much cheaper in quality.
The price was right so I bought two sets.
I think I should have bought 3 sets.
They are always sharp and my guests remark on the quality of the knives at meals.
I even use them sometimes when I am doing prep work.
These would be a great gift item too.
I use these knives for everything, and they do the job well.
I don't like my knives too sharp that they practically reach out for my skin.
These knives are sharp just right and the serration does the rest.
They are lightweight & have a blade I can sharpen myself.
This was the 2 things that mattered & the knives do the job.
This is a nice set of steak knives.
I am not an advocate for serrated knives, but these knives are great.
Henkels in my opinion is loosing their place in the knife business while progressively lowering their quality with inferior lines.
Stainless is probabally more practical though as you can dish wash with other silverware.
I great gift for people who carve with a bread knife! Seriously, we gave this as a Christmas Gift and it was well received.
Even Alton Brown will tell you, it's not the price of the knife.
I've had this several yrs and it's still razor sharp.
This carving set is what I used for my first Thanksgiving with just my girlfriend and my pets.
I'd never carved a turkey before, but this did not make the knives an issue.
For anyone remotely curious, I was able to execute a full deli carve and eat my Thanksgiving holiday into oblivion.
This is a great starter carving set or a good every day use set.
If you're a pro, semi-pro, or weekend warrior chef, this isn't a set for you.
$20 is fair price to have this set in your drawers.
I have never been able to carve thin slices of meat/poultry.
The knife is a good size and is as sharp as one would want and is easy to handle.
Bought these together in this set to help round out our Henckels set here at home and am completely happy and satisfied with them.
The knife is beautiful to look at and cut's like the proverbial knife thru butter.
This clearly makes a difference when your using them and assuming your using the right knife for the right job.
So buyer , buy with confidence these are the real deal and will carve your meat like a dream.
This way you don't have to mess with wiggly handles.These knives look elegant on your table with their clean lines and solid silver look.
The grip is comfortable and they feel balanced.As far as sharpness I have been pleasantly surprised.
I am really surprised to see poor reviews.
I will say, the balance seems to be slightly off.
But, man are they sharp!  I love using these knives, put them in the dishwasher every time, and have had no problems whatsoever with rust.
I guess we all live life at 100 miles per hour these days.
These are beautiful, quality knives and they cut well.
My only complaint is that they are too small for my large hands.
The end result is that holding them is not as wonderful as I would prefer.
If you have large hands you may want to look for larger knives with thicker handles.
Also, use wooden or bamboo skewers to turn/lift the ebleskiver as it doesn't scratch the non-stick surface.
My husband ordered this version of the Nordic Ware Iron, without noticing that it had an expected ship date of about a month later.
We pretty much try for Amazon Prime shipping (which this had).
i was roaming around on the web, and somehow saw Ebelskivers being eaten.
of course i immediately bought a pan after checking it out and seeing the danish-dude on youtube flipping them over, expertly.
I've had lots of fun making these with the traditional apple filling now, and they are a hit with the kids.
the over-the-top carb thing was getting bad, though, so i thought i'd make them out of egg instead.
= about 21 eggelskivers), and do the same thing you would do with pancake-type batter.
I made round eggs with a cube of spam in the  middle.
yummy! i ate about 5 for breakfast the other day- easy to take on the commute.
if i were super-motivated, i'd use a melon scoop, and tell my kids it was the core in the earth.
The ebelskivers flip over and out of the wells without a problem.
The teflon is very durable and you can just wipe the wells with soapy water and rinse to clean.
I have not experienced a sign of peeling of the coating even though I have been using a fork to flip the pastries.
Perhaps, the other reveiwer received a defective product or somehow, inadvertently scratched the well.I also have a glass top stove and the pan performs wonderfully.
I can't imagine how it would scratch the glass top.
The wells have a flat base that reinforces the bottom of each which is approximately an eigth inch wide.
The the outside bottom rim of the pan is also this thick.
The pan sits firmly on the glass top.
Very versitale, airy and you can be creative right from the beginning.
Had not seen one of these since a trip to Solvang, Ca where the heritage proudly serve them up for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Takes a little practice to use it properly but you'll have so much fun creating your own version of these Nordic delights.
We have used this pan every weekend for a year.
Don't bother making mix from scratch - Hungry Jack's "just add water" pancake mix makes wonderfully light and fluffy Ebelskivers.
I add a small, thin slice of butter to the bottom of each Ebelskiver hole once it's hot (heat over low or medium low heat).
While the flip takes a little practice, it is easy to catch on to.
No matter how many times I've tried to season and oil the pan, the Ebelskivers stick - which ruins the Ebelskivers.
Just be sure to wash the nonstick pan by hand and don't use forks or other metal utensils to turn the Ebelskivers.RECOMMENDED!.
Flipping was a breeze with a wooden skewer.
It was fun putting in different fillings for each ebelskiver.
I'm excited to serve these for my guests in the future.
We make Ebleskivers all the time and this pan works great.
Pan makes it easy to flip and remove the Ebleskivers.
It is a bit tricky in the beginning but once you got the hang of it it goes quickly and they taste YUMMY!!.
Our kiddos love Ebleskivers! This Nordic Ware pan is durable, very well-made, and works brilliantly.
We have made both sweet and savory stuffed pancakes using this pan and it is a breeze.
Fantastic new breakfast tradition and children LOVE stuffed pancakes!.
This pan is so fun and easy to cook my aebleskiver pancakes.
I also used it for cooking takoyaki balls.
Just brush with a little oil and pour the batter in and cook.
I just ordered a second pan to cook a large batch faster to eat and to freeze for future meal.
I got this as one of the 4-for-3 promotion.
The aebleskivers came out very well, perfectly shaped.
Anyway, I did not make aebleskivers with it !!  Instead, there is a savory, spicy version of it in Indian cuisine called "Kuzhi Paniyaaram".
Anyway, I might try that after I get a good aebleskiver mix.
Also, there is the Japanese version Takoyaki, Thai version Kanom Krok etc.
That's all the part of learning.As for the Pan, it sits pretty well on my electric-coil range.
Heats evenly and the best thing is there is no toiling with turning the aebleskivers.
Just a pair of plastic / silicone forks will do.
But I prefer forks since they are re-usable.Try not to use any metal utensil on this pan.
That said, the only disadvantage of this pan is you cannot use high heat.
But that's an advantage in disguise, I'd say.
But no, I got the same one in the photo - black insulated handle.
And thanks AMAZON for delivering it on time a week before the estimated delivery date .....KEEP IT UP.
She has used it and it works as advertised.
I've tasted some of the stuffed pancakes and you certainly won't hear any complaints from me.
Initially a bit hesistant to buy because I was not familiar with the brand.
Saw another brand but the base was thin.
Then I decided to try it cos there was an offer.
The weight was not too heavy, it was truly non stick but I am very cautious using only medium heat.
I used high heat and damaged my WMF non stick pan.
I love these to make pancakes or even eggs in!The only reason why I took off 1 star was because they are not very deep.
Mine is an older version, I think, because mine only has 4  shapes (I didn't get it on amazon).
It's the one I have been using with the pan, and I've had no trouble with the pancakes using it.
My daughter makes big breakfasts for her four young-uns everyday and the bug pancakes are at the top of their requests.
She finds the pan easy to use, cooks quickly, no problem with sticking.
The bugs are easy to recognize and the pancakes are quickly eaten.Nordic, how about making bug waffle irons?.
I'm not much of a traditional pancake lover, but  I grew up loving my grandmother's  swedish pancakes topped with ligonberries.
Her pancakes were thin and very much like crepes.
I use my grandma's recipe and ladle in 1 to 1 1/2 tsps.
of batter per indentation on this pan that is already pre-heated.
For crisper pancakes, i use melted butter to coat each indentation.
When I am watching calories, i use a spray of Pam.
I LOVE Nordicware's products and was quite excited when I found this pan marked down at my local giant store.
However, don't order this pan thinking that voila! You're going to get up and have a great time making waffles.
Not so!  This boy takes some serious practice to get them right.
So, my first batch, thinking that it might be the same coating they use for Williams Sonoma, was made without using any nonstick product.
Well, I had waffle goo everywhere imaginable and crumbled up waffles.
So, I dug it out, cleaned it, and tried again.
(The ONLY thing that will clean this too, by the way, is a very soft, non-scratching bottle brush.
Guess what?  It really works well!  They flip out easily and you can actually turn them over without making a messy disaster.
9.20.2009 UPDATEI am so surprised that this product only has 3 stars.
This process of freezing helps them not to stick to each other.Every morning my daughter wakes up saying "waffles, waffles" she's 2.
I put 4 in the cold toaster oven set it on broil...ready in2-3 minutes.
When I make the batter I add a tablespoon of honey, maple or agave to the batter...gives the waffles a tiny taste of sweetness.
They are then ready for munching...I do not add additional syrup...to messy for a 2 year old.
For presentation I always lay the dark side up.
I love this pan!Original Review:My baby girl loves these little waffles.
I think she was getting bored w/pancakes...I use a gluten-free mix from Whole Foods by 365, their delicious...I love them too.
Buy some nice maple syrup & organic butter...Yum.
Does Scratch easy, not sure how it even happened.
I even make cute eggs in it and the kids love them.
It is easy to use, easy to clean, nice shapes and it works well.
It is perfect for my family and I can make a lot of pancakes at once.
I am happy with my purchase and it surpassed my expectations.
The only reason I purchased this was because I thought my 19 month old would get a kick out of eating bugs for breakfast.
Still a really fun item and a great buy for kids' pancakes.
The pancakes are cute, my son loves them.
It's not that hard to figure out the right temperature and I use a fork to flip the pancakes.
I have had the holiday pan for a few yrs and the kids love it.
Easy to use and makes cute pattern on the pancakes.
Bought this one and love just as much.
This makes it so simple to make them.
It's also great for eggs or even muffin tops (you just need to alter a bit by flipping them too cook through), etc.
I also got the &#34;Jo!e Lil Flip Nylon Egg Spatula&#34;, which is just the right size for use with this pan.
Pan is non stick and cleans up quick and easy.
We initially got this pan in hopes of making our own English muffin egg sandwiches.
It works okay for that, but 3 eggs fill up all 7 wells as they're fairly shallow.
On the plus side, because the eggs are thin, they cook quickly without turning.
So, we just pile 2 or three on a muffin.
I suppose they could be turned, but can't figure out how to do that without making a mess.
With a little melted butter, the eggs slide right out.
There is a pan out there with deeper wells made specifically for eggs, but it's over $100.
My husband has turned cooking of pancakes in this pan down to a science.
You use one large fry pan to flip the pancakes in once they are ready to be flipped.
Both pans need to be sprayed with PAM so it doesn't stick.
Cook pancakes on medium heat or setting 6 out of 9.
They are ready to flip once you start to see bubbles on top.
Spray your fry pan and have that heating at medium heat as well.
Then flip into the fry pan and flatten the pancakes.
Cooks perfectly.We did invest in a cupcake pen so that the pancake batter doesn't splash everywhere.
We use all types of batter for the pancakes.
We even add a few bananas, honey, and 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract to make the pancakes more flavorful.
We make these once a week at least.
My daughter definitely eats more pancakes than she normally would.
We even take pancakes as snacks in the car.
The round indentations have a 3 1/4 inch diameter and are 1/4 inch deep.
Tiny desserts are a favorite because the indulgence is small.
Seconds? Why not!As with all Nordic Ware merchandise, it is made in the USA.
It is a high quality pan and with proper care, should last a lifetime.
I originally got the idea from a physical goods store, but as is often true, Amazon had a better price.
The pan has held up and had no problems, and it makes the cutest round pancakes, earning it a glowing 5-stars.
It makes uniform pancakes and browns them beautifully.
The pancakes did not stick to the pan even on the 30th pancake.
Clean up is easy,  just a little dishwash is all that's needed.
Little ones will love the charming farm-themed pancakes you make using this pan.
Pan creates 7 small pancakes- with stamped figures of cow, pig, sheep, goat, chicken, duck and barn.
Love this pan - pancakes cook evenly, clean up is easy.
A joy to use and everyone seems to love the silver dollar pancakes!.
I made a test batch as soon as it arrived and the pancakes are adorable.
I can't wait to use it on Christmas morning.
I been cooking pancakes using this pan for several years now and nothing stick to it.
I always used a little butter or oil to greased first before pouring in the batter.
I'm an accomplished cook and frequently downsize recipes for 4 servings.
This smaller size pan allows me to make a smaller sweet or savory cheesecake or tart, meaning fewer leftovers and temptations to overeat.
No more worry about getting the layers out of the pan.
The seal is thight so no batter seeps out, bakes even.
I order 2, and won't bake a layered cake without them again.
I returned the first one of these because it had a dent; the second one did, too, so we just went with it.
There's a beautiful cheesecake sitting in our fridge right now thanks to this pan.
This is my first replacement for two of my springform pans.
I had made two cheesecakes and took them to church for a special dinner occasion.
I only bought one to make sure it was the size I wanted.
It is also made in the USA and I always try to purchase products made in the USA whenever possible.
This is the perfect size for making cheesecakes in my electric pressure cooker.
I have use spring form pans for decades and this is by far the best!No stick and easy to prepare for cheese cakes.
I ordered the Nordic Ware pan for making various cheesecakes over the holidays and was very pleased with the results.
I have used many other springform pans and the all evenutally leak.
This one is the best I have used it many many times and it is just wonderful.
If you like to make cheesecakes this is the one for you.
It makes a deep 7 inch cake, which is good for 6-8 large slices.The pan is very non-stick, have never had any issues.
It pops open easily, and the mechanism works smoothly and holds the pan together very tightly.
This is the perfect size for use inside a pressure cooker, and as some one else mentioned, it makes a wonderful pressure cooker cheese cake.
If you have a small family, or are single, this is a perfect little pan for baking.
You can use it for cakes, deep dish pizza, or even a souffle.
and the free bunt insert is neat as well.
This is a great pan for making New York style cheesecakes.
I haven't tried it for recipes that require a water bath, but all the cheesecakes I've made in it have come out wonderful.
I've always used a jellyroll pan underneath, but so far it's just for insurance.
Not even a smidge of that delicious filling has managed to show under the rim.No leaking, and no sticking.
Just make sure you run a butter knife or small rubber spatula around the edge before you try to take the pan off.
I made a cheesecake in my pressure cooker in 12 minutes, and this pan worked perfectly.
I have yet to post this on my food blog, but I shall.
I made a foil sling, and lowered the cheesecake onto a trivet in my pressure.
Very happy with this product, which cleans up like a snap!.
This pan is reasonably priced and surprisingly is from Germany which perhaps helps the quality.
Very good value and useful for numerous items in the kitchen.
Finally a spring form pan that doesn't leak!! thanks so much.
I have this smaller pan which is terrific in it's own right, but I wanted to insure against even the smallest bit of leakage.
This size fit well for use with the following information which I hope is useful.A friend told me of the cheese cake `moat' pan.
The principle is so obvious I don't know why I hadn't thought of it myself.
Any shape will do as long as there is room enough for an ample amount of water.
You don't want to open the oven to add water.
You probably have all those pans in a compatible size for this principle.Happy cooking.
I've been using this multipurpose pan now for about three years.
It was quite difficult to replace the one I used to have since I could not find one at the stores anywhere around me.
They saved my baking life!  I love making cheese cakes and rich, heavy Bundt cakes and this pan is perfect.
I love the fact that it takes up less space since one piece fits into the other.
It is in as good condition today as the day it was delivered to me.Both inserts are just perfect.
It is made  with a very durable non-stick surface and it *really* doesn't stick.
We do low carb so I can make a cheese cake without a crust and it is perfect.
My wife came to know these springform pans in Germany.
Whenever she bakes German cakes here in the U.S.
now, she uses this pan, and she likes it.
Excellent, when you want to bake a small cake this is absolutely a great small just the right size of a cake form!.
I cannot eat foods with gluten, so I created a crust-less cheesecake and this pan made it all possible.
I spray the surface with PAM and then flour bottom and side with brown rice flour.
It turns out a perfect New York Style, gluten-free cheesecake.
It isn't anything I'll be usuing daily, but when I want a springform pan like this, I now have it!  It didn't leak at all.
I think others who complained didn't have the bottom in straight.
I've shared several of these with my granddaughters and nephew as we all make cheesecakes.
Love the style and the size is great for making a smaller cheesecake.
Easy to put together, bakes evenly and easy to clean....well worth the price.
I bake far too much for my own good, but I've never had my own springform pan.
It's also very sturdy and I can see it lasting a long time.
I had never had a springform pan before, so I have no base of reference for this item.
I do know this one works well and therefore I am giving it five stars.
This was a relatively inexpensive item, but I cannot imagine what buying a more expensive item would accomplish.
This pan does what it says! I was worried about leaks after researching how to make cheesecake & finding the right recipe to try.
It did not leak at all & the pan worked beautifully.
I sprayed mine with non-stick spray & dusted lightly with flour, (the directions recommend shortening & flour).
I'm so glad I bought this one & not a cheap one at the local store.
I plan to use it for many years to come.
It is very sturdy and not too heavy.
Thank you for carrying this great product at a great price!.
Pretty sturdy & has been leak proof so far.
Recommend if you only use a springform pan a few times a year.
Perfect size when you need something between the standard and individual size pans.
This spring pan works gr8' very easy to clean, tight lock, making it very nice to carry to a friends house.
Good size, nice finish and good fit for the two parts.
The &#34;lip&#34; around the edge of the bottom can make it a little awkward but that's a small thing.
I gave one to mydaughter who reports that she loves hers too.
I don't put any of my pans in the dishwasher, so I don' texpect rust to be a problem.
I've used this pan for a cheesecake and a normal birthday cake.
It works very well and is very easy to clean.
Had no leak issues with either cake, great pan.
Wonderful cake tin! Plus I can make my own cheesecakes without fear of it leaking all over my oven.
I've used it once to make a deep cake and once to make a cheesecake.
Worked beautifully, perfect size I had in mind, and easy clean.
Simply switch out the bottoms--one the standard springform flat bottom and the other a springform insert--to convert from one use to the other.
The pan is also non-stick (although normal oiling or flouring is recommended) and easy to clean-up and maintain.
For the price of a decent springform OR bundt pan, getting both in the same package is an exceptional value!.
Wish I had invested in this pan in the first place  It truly does not leak.
I HAVE NOT USED IT YET BUT THE CONSTRUCTION AND THE SEALS ARE PERFECT.
IT WAS DISCRIBED WELL AND WHEN I RECEIVED IT, IT WAS AS DISCRIBED.
The first time I tried it, I wrapped foil around the sides - just in case.
This works great! Well made, doesn't leak, latches tight, solid construction.
couldn't ask for more! Would definitely recommend to anyone!.
I have been browsing the spring forms in local stores for about a year.
It firmly closes, easy to clean and best of all ....NO DRIPPING!Great product!.
I like to make my own cheese cake.
But a 9 inch pan is just too big a cheese cake for two people to eat before it dries out.
I found that a 7 inch pan is just the right size.
I LOVE this pan! It really doesn't leak! Have made 2 cheesecakes so far, and each have come out perfect.
I can definitely recommend it!Update: I'm still loving this pan.
I purchased this to make cheesecake in my pressure cooker.
I can actually stack 2 of these and make two cheesecakes at a time.
I always found cake pans to be big for two people, you end up eating more and gaining more ;).
This one is the perfect size for just two people, and it is a good quality one too.
No confusion as to which way the bottom goes.
I've made 8 or 10 cakes with great results.
The finish is dark so I reduce temp to 325.
I have other more expensive pans but this one is better all the way around.
I have a lot of Nordic Ware baking pans and they have always been great non-stick pans.
Easy to clean, easy to assemble, easy to love.
The side releases nicely from the cheese cake.
Once again I found what I was looking for on Amazon.
No store in town carried this size pan, which I needed for a cheesecake appetizer.
My little cheesecake was the right size and turned out perfectly.
It arrived and I used it without issue.
I even accidentally dropped it and bent the edge a bit but it still held firmly with no leaks.
make sure you measure before you purchaseto make sure they will fit.
If you like to bake, especially cheesecakes, you know how important a spring form pan is.
This is the second Nordic Ware pan I have purchased and I must say they continue to rate highly at my house.
My other pan must be over 20 years old and only recently died when the spring latch broke.
This is a great spring form pan for people who love to cook.
I purchased this pan to bake a cheesecake and it worked very well.
It was leakproof and easy to remove the ring after the cheesecake had cooled.
Also was very easy to clean, even around the latch.
It's very easy to remove the siding and put it back on in order to put it in the fridge.
The crust cooked beautifully in it as well, much better than it had in the old breadpan.
I don't know why it makes a difference but it did.
Cheese cake is a hit at any party cook right in the pan and serve just pop off the spring form and serve.
FOLLOW THE USE DIRECTIONS AND YOU'LL BE A VERY HAPPY CAMPER.
I MADE A FEW DIFFERENT THINGS IN IT AND WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED WITH THE OUTCOME.
My last springform pan rusted at the buckle and was useless.
I bought this as a replacement and don't remember why I didn't buy this first!  It's built really well and truly is leakproof.
I honestly don't understand why they aren't all leakproof!  Nordic Ware got it right with this one!.
It's so much better than my old one.
It fits together with a tight seal and isn't difficult to unmold like my old one.
The hinge mechanism is smooth so there has been no issue with breaking my crust when I release the ring.
I bought two of these to make ice cream cakes and they performed wonderfully.
so as long as your mixture's consistency is not too thin these should not leak.
For more liquid &#34;no-bake&#34; cakes - assemblies that never hit the oven - I would recommend lining the pan with plastic wrap.
I haven't tried that but have seen various recipes that suggest that for easy removal of the finished cake.
The best, as recommended by America's Test Kitchen.
Makes great cheesecakes!  Cleans easily and is a great value.
I know I will make many cheese cake & my chocolate pudding cake topped with Carmel ganash.
I have only used this springform pan once, but I have no complaints after using it, didnt have any leaks or anything.
It really is leak-proof!  And it's big enough to actually make a full-size cheesecake.
Easy to use and easy to take apart.
I love Nordic Ware products and this springform pan is no ecxeption - doesn't leak, easy to use.
I made a cheesecake in this pan in my electronic pressure cooker.
It came out so wonderful, the best cheesecake I ever made.
It got rave reviews from so many people, I know I will be making that recipe and trying other cheesecake recipes in this pan.
Althought this is advertised as a "leakproof" Springform Pan, I put water in it and it did leak.
I tried the water because I wondered if I could make a rice pudding or other initially watery recipes in it.
But because of the crust on the cheesecake, or the thick consistency of the cheesecake mixture, there was no leaking.
The cake released like a dream, and the cleanup was effortless.
finally we got it after ordering twice and waiting almost two months.
We about gave up on this pan and also found it another place, exact same pan cheaper.
I have three and it was great to have so much space for cooling Christmas cookies.
I ended up putting them in a super-sized ziploc bag and putting them in a closet.
Would prefer they were not Teflon, but otherwise they are great.
Recently I was called upon to bake a fourteen inch cake.
If you've never baked one, I can tell you that it takes some planning.
I ended up wiring two other racks together to try and hold my masterpiece for cooling.
It was difficult, tough to handle and my cake layer almost broke.
I searched the internet looking for a large sized rack and settled on this one.
It got heavy use over Christmas and was indespensible when my daughter and I started our baking.
As for cakes, it's perfect to cool two eight inch layers at the same time.
I haven't used it on a fourteen inch layer yet, but did bake two 12 inch layers the other day.
I'm considering the purchase of a second one at this time.
It's big and squarish and doesn't fit in my cabinets.
For the time being it is stored on the top of my refrigetator.
I don't bake much but these are great for keeping my dog's from putting their heads out the car window.
This is the best cooling rack I have ever seen.
I have used it primarily for cookies, but it works great for other baked goods as well.
Because of the small grid, nothing gets bent or broken.
The size is perfect for putting many cookies on to cool without trying to squeeze them together.
Just add a couple of recipes and this would make a very nice gift.
I know I wouldn't want to be without it.
I was extremely pleased about the heavier guage of the wire than normally found in similar products.
It's the perfect size for growing my mushrooms under my Gard N Dome.
I use it to cool my cookies on.
I put in the oven and no problems.
These are great, but God, I hate cleaning them after using them for meats...Still, good product...just get two.
I bought this, mostly as a food prop, for my blog.
Ordered two of these to bake my Christmas cookies.
It is sturdy, wide, easy to clean, and takes up a small storage space.
I was very pleased with these cooling racks.
I needed the extra large 16 x 20 size for large 14" round cake I'm making.
These will be excellent for cooling cookies as well.
Easier to use than a lot of little cooling racks.
Very glad to find them, the price is right.
Have used Nordic products in the past with excellent results.
I read other reviews from people disappointed that this cooling rack was bigger than the stated dimensions.
Thanks to those reviewers, I knew what to expect and was in fact, happy about that.
I've already used the heck out of these, cooling 6&#34;-12&#34; cakes, muffins, cupcakes and cookies on them.
I love Nordic Ware and I appreciate that it is made in the USA.
The crosshatch pattern makes for a sturdy rack that will hold up for years.
Each rack holds a few loaves (I have two).
I've not yet tried them with cookies but I'm expecting good results.
OK, it's a big cookie rack but I got it to use as a dishdrainer.
Because it's  metal and black it can be cleaned so easily.
I also use it like a trivet in place of potholders to let a hot pot cool of before I wash it.
I have three of these racks and use them everytime I bake.
They wash up well and are nice and large.
I need more and would recommend them to any baker.
Great cooling rack and round which is what I need for my outdooring cooking needs.
I have added this to my kit for camping as it holds my 12 in fry pan on the table with no issues.
Finaly a rack big enough for my pie plates and it is round.!.
Great for the large cakes and big batches of cookies.
It is big, so think through where you will store it.
What a nice addition to my baking experience.
I despise a greasy outdoor grill or smoker.
I started using a 15&#34; paella pan in my 22.5&#34; diameter smoker and grill.
I now have two paella pans and two cooling racks.
The cooling rack is used to hold the meat off the bottom of the paella pan, allowing complete heat and smoke circulation.
The rack is easy to clean and appears to be holding up beautifully with use one to three times a week.
I love the pairing of the pan and the rack and recommend the combo to all my meat smoking friends.
This is much larger than it looks in the picture and that is why I love it.
All you do is basically wash the grid with soapy water, rinse and you are done.
That can get a bit messy, but this rack can handle just about anything.
What I love is that when I rinse it under hot water, all that icing just melts off very easily.
On normal metal racks, it tends to just get glued on.So, I think this "Cooling Grid" is just superior.
Sometimes you find an item that you could not live without...this is just one more item to add to that list!~The Rebecca Review.
This is a great cooling rack for bakers or cooks.
The large size can accommodate breads or doughs or lots of cookies or muffins.
The grid design also stops your baked goods from sagging through the bottom.
I've also used it as a hot plate (but distribute the weight on the rack).
It has a 15 year warranty on defects too.
NOTE: it may be too big for some people's kitchens (measure your counter space first or be happy using it on the kitchen table).
Overall, if you need a good cooling rack, definately spend your money on this!.
This is a sturdy, non-stick rack, and I like the size for my 10-inch round cake layers.
Also, the grid pattern gives even support to tender cake or small cookies.
I bake large quanties of homemade dog treats and this is perfect to be able to cool a lot at one time.
Fast ship and very pleased with the product.
Sometimes I bake 3 round layers and I hate wrestling with the oblong racks for a round cake.Was I surprised when these arrived.
Large than my old pair...will hold the largest cake I'll ever bake..13" in diameter and teflon coated.
I am delighted with the price and quality (what can you expect from Nordic?) of these mundane cake racks.
I have to let my food cool in the livingroom as the grid is too large to fit on my kitchen table or counter.
The large size of the grid is a plus when I bake multiple items.
Substantial enough to hold the weight of the cakes without flexing too much and no rust so far.
would purchase items made similar to this item.
This pan is very useful for making quiche (this is a good use for using up leftover vegetables for an elegant lunch.
(European ovens have a solid rack for cake and tart baking that is removable.
Since American ovens have wire racks, substitute loading the tart on a baking sheet instead.).
I wanted a quiche pan with a removable bottom to make a few tarts and quiches.this works great.
the bottom came loose when the quiche was done and make cutting andeating easy.
I have an eleven-inch tart pan but needed a smaller one for some recipes.
Nordic Ware's eight-inch quiche and tart pan is perfect.
It's well made, sturdy and so easy to clean.
I have made many cakes and everyone comes out perfectly w/o ever sticking.
The first cake I baked came out so pretty.
Usually I have to adjust the cooking temps to the pan.
Not this time.I'm editing my review from before.
Not that it changes the rating but I can now give more detail.
Compared to some of the other Nordic Ware pans, it is light.
I'm not sure why it's described as heavy duty.
I have used the heavier pans before and the pan doesn't last any longer nor do the cakes bake any better.
The cakes I bake in this pan come  out evenly baked and look absolutely beautiful.
I am ordering another pan as I often bake more than one cake at a time.
I tend to bake pound cakes with 6 to 8 eggs and 3 cups of both sugar and flour amongst other ingredients.
I was surprised at how sturdy and heavy it was.
I greased & floured it and the cake slid right out.
I am even considering getting the other designs.UPDATE: 09/20/2009Still works like new.
I follow Sarah Carey with her blog 'Everyday Food', and she has a recipe for Chocolate Cake that she made with a Bundt pan.
I made the cake and coveted with the chocolate ganache she used.
Talk about delicious!The cake came out of the pan with such ease.
This is a big, dense cake and the batter fills the pan.
No overflow, the cake was done and was rich and delicious.
No burned parts or areas that stuck to the pan.
What I found was that ordinary cake recipes become extraordinary when baked in ths pan.
It is made of cast aluminum and has been around for 50 years.
It is a breeze to clean up.I live this pan, and will take it out more frequently and use it!Recommended.
This is what the recipe called for, I just didn't realize the old one was too small.
The new pan arrived in a few days, and I immediately cooked the same cake recipe cause everyone loved the cake, and had perfect results.
I know Nordic makes the best pans and I have several.
I look forward to many years with my new bundt pan.
This one will last though hundreds of cakes.
This was a great Christmas gift for my mother.
She really enjoyed cooking her Christmas cakes in it.
Not only was it affordable, but it bakes to perfection.
I never have to check the batter to see if it's done, and it leaves the perfect crust.
In addition, the cake slides out perfectly, without anything sticking to the pan.
I must add that I do use baking spray, so that may also help.
However, I am thinking about ordering another one just to have a back up.
I've baked 5 cakes in less than a week, and all came out perfect.
First time I used the pan was able to make a great cake.
My whole family enjoyed the cake as well.
I purchased this pan to replace an identical one that I lost in a move.
I purchased it to bake pound cakes and coffee cakes.
The pan has a nice weight, and is very sturdy.
My pound cakes baked evenly, and I have no complaints.
I had a couple of "misses", that had nothing to do with the pan.
We have other Nordic Ware products that have been in our family for generations.
and, I'm convinced, will remain in our family for many more generations.
You will NEVER regret buying one of their products.
I had quit making cakes in my tube pan because it always leaked.
It truly was no stick and it is much heavier than my old pan.
I had been looking for a one-piece pan.
I got this one and it is the best.
The first two pound cakes that I have made have come out so beautifully.
They were a nice, golden brown and they did not stick at all.
It is really hard to find a one-piece pan these days.
I may buy another to keep around just in case.
I use this to make an oat bran bread that serves as my daily bran &#34;muffin&#34;.
And with this new pan's nonstick coating I don't have to add calories or incur baked on grease by using pan spray.
This cake pan was not exactly what I was looking for.
I wanted a one piece pan to bake pound cakes in.
The hole at the bottom of the pan is too wide.
It's hard to tell just by looking at the picture.
Made an awesome apple dapple cake in it, came out perfect and easy to remove.
I bought this pan and started using it for a Cold Oven Pound Cake.
This pan is much better then I thought it would be.
It is very confusing when you look at reviews for bakeware especially cake pans.
I have seen folks give high end pans low marks and lower priced pans high marks.
This one did the trick for several types of cake that I have baked.
If anybody bought one and is dissatisfied, I would like to know why.
quite simply the very best angel food cake pan.
They just don't make them any better.My wife has searched and searched for a pan like this and found it on Amazon, where else.
Thank you Amazon,for bringing us the selection of products that you do.
This is a durable and very reasonably-priced tube cake pan.
I have used it several times already and it cleans up very easily.
This was a great seller; I highly recommend!.
The pan is the size of a normal loaf pan but features the classic bundt cake pan design that Nordic Ware made famous.
The design dresses up any quick bread or cake recipe.
As others have noted, use Bakers Joy (cooking spray with flour).
I would also add be sure to let the cake cool upright in the pan for 10 minutes before unmolding.
This pan creates an absolutely beautiful cake/bread with no more effort than that to make a plain product.
The first thing I mad with this was a red velevet cake.
I loved the shape and the cake just slides out.
I did follow the advice of others and sprayed it lightly with cooking spary.
The shape is  quite nice, and the design turns out well.
Cakes and jello both turn out  very well in this pan.
Very high quality and a dramatic variation on the usual fluted bundts.
This would make a very nice wedding or housewarming present.
No more boring bundts! The cakes this pan produce look gorgeous and come out of the pan with virtually no effort.
Very solid pan, I'm sure it will last for many years.
I recently made a Fig Marsala Cake from Tish Boyle's The Cake Book in this pan.
Sorry to say I did not take a picture to post it here on amazon.
It was truly beautiful, and even more stunning after the raspberry glaze.
The cake came out very easily - the pan must be buttered and well floured.
If you want variety with your cakes nordic ware pans are a must.
They are a little pricey, but are well worth it.
The pans that I have are heavyweight, durable and cook evenly.
As with all Nordic Ware, this pan is superb in baking the cake properly with no burnt spots.
This pan makes even a "box mix" look special - so you can imagine how special a homemade cake would be in this lovely pan.
If you like to bake and present something special, this is a great pan to use.
I bought this cake pan because Nordic Ware produces good quality cake pans and I liked the design.
This cake pan is a modern twist on the traditional bundt cake pan design.
I already have a traditional bundt but wanted a slightly different design.
I especially like the combination of sharp corners and curves.This is a heavy aluminum pan which will last for many enjoyable years of baking.
When the pan is prepared properly and cooled after baking, the cake will release easily in one piece.
The quick and easy method is to spray the pan with Pam cooking spray.
I highly recommend this beautiful and quality bundt cake pan.
You will be passing this one down to  someone.
I have used mine to make molded jello,  cakes, breads.
This pan has no hot spots, and is well simply perfect!  Do  not limit yourself to just an occassional cake with this.
I watched the tutorial videos on Nordic Ware's website.
My cake came out of the pan so easily.
I know I am going to use this pan a lot.
I cannot say enough about the helpful and knowledgeable people at Nordic Ware.
Their pan is top quality and they stand behind their products, regardless of where you buy it.
i have used this for anniversary pary, birthday party, family picnics, etc.
Again very sturdy and it is a non-stick pan! Love it!.
For years I've always purchased the standard aluminum bundt pan in the supermarket.
This time I decided to go "high-end" and see if it was worth the money.
It certainly is!!  Not only can you tell the difference in the weight of the pan but the construction is solid and sturdy, too.
Out of the oven, it unmolds the cake like a breeze.
I'm probably imagining it but I even think the outside texture of the cake was better.
I've always made good cakes, but this is the first time I've felt like a pro!.
Purchased this bundt pan via Gold Box deals ($27.99).
A cool-looking shape that looks so good, your cake might look more messy if frosting or icing is added.
Spray a little non-stick, mix cake batter, bake, cool, unmold, a little powdered sugar and voila! A Betty-Crocker, Duncan-Hines, Pillsbury masterpiece.
THIS PAN WAS USED FOR THE FIRST TIME YESTERDAY.
IT TURNED OUT A WONDERFUL PROFESSIONAL LOOKING APPLESAUCE CAKE.
MY OLD ONE WAS HUGE, AND REALLY TOO BIG.
I MAKE THE LEFTOVER BATTER INTO CUPCAKES AND FREEZE THEM FOR ANOTHER TIME.
Made a beautiful looking Lemon Ginger White pepper pound cake from the recipe that came with the pan.
I used Wilton's Cake Release ( a must have) and the cake came right out with no blemishes.
I bought this pan along with a couple other Nordic Ware pans and the cake this one makes is truly beautiful.
Even if you're not the church type, the design is lovely.
And the cake pops right out of the pan.
I have several Nordic Ware pans and I love them all.
The cakes always come out clean and beautiful and the pans wash great in the dishwasher.
Spray your pan right before pouring in the batter and alleviate all that pain and suffering, lolEither way it baked perfect.
I've only used this once and it took longer to bake than the recipe instructed.
My oven is usually accurate, so I'm attributing this to the heaviness of the pan.
Other than inverting the pan and one side of the monkey bread kind of collpasing into the middle, it did a good job.
I will test with cake tester in more places next time.
It's quite large, which I wanted, and heavy so it won't dent, and cleaned up easily.
It's a big cake pan, so make sure you have enough batter when using this.
I hand wash it but it's easy to clean.
If I could, I would give this pan a 10 stars.
I must say that my cakes always turns out and looks good.
Two for myself and one for a gift for some one else.
The reason that I have two for myselves is that.
at least I thought that I had cancelled it  and ordered another Bundt Pan from Wayfair.
So thanks to Amazon for a great product and a very quick shippment.
And I didn't have to pay anything extra for receiving it in a timely manner.
I make the best chocolate cake in the world each holiday season.
Then I turn out the cake, let it cool, and dust it with powdered sugar.
Really beautiful, like a cathedral in a delicate soft snow.
Serve with gently whipped cream laced with a touch of cognac and raspberries.
Do not spend your time looking for bundt pans.
I love this 6 cup Bundt Pan - very good size for my small family of 3 people.
Don't be afraid doing this, the Bundt Pan is strongly made.
You will find all the flours are evenly covering the Bundt Pan.
If I am preparing only for my family, I just simple use half of the cake recipe.
As with all Nordic Ware products, this one feels sturdy and I know will last for years.
I used this new Bundt Pan to send a cake into my husband's work and everyone loved how it looked.
I sprinkled powdered sugar over the chocolate cake & it looked just like snow on a Cathedral.
So beautiful!  I didn't have any trouble with the cake sticking; it just slipped right out.
I purchased this pan as a gift for a male friend who loves to bake.
:o)  So I was quite surprised when it arrived and it was so little.
I knew bundt pans are great big things.
Nordicware Platinum is the top of the nonstick line for that brand.
I spray the pan with Bak-Klene (Williams-Sonoma) which has oil and flour in it, and the cakes invert very easily onto a cooling rack.
I wonderful size for 2 people, a small family, or when entertaining 1-2 people for lunch.
When you buy Nordicware bundt pans(extensive line,) always try to buy the Platinum line.
I purchased this bundt pan because I was making a recipe that called for a 12 cup bundt pan.
And I was not disappointed! This pan is incredible and the cakes come out looking exactly like the customer pictures- perfectly cooked, no sticking.
The recipe I was using also advised me to spray the pan with baking spray.
Little did I know that PAM and probably other companies make a cooking spray that combines flour and vegetable oil.
That was another incredible decision because the cake slid right out.
Im in Bundt Pan Mode, cant believe I waited so long to buy a Bundt Pan.
It works beautiful, my cakes pop out easy.
Very nice quality pan that I can tell will last awhile.
She had a vintage one which finally cracked.
The only downside is that she now cooks too many cakes for us.
Hope she gets over it sooner than later :).
I bake a lot,  and the bundt pans from this company are my favorite for  cakes.
This smaller size is perfect for two people and a couple in for coffee.
Please, please do not use a spray to oil these pans.
Use a solid shortening that comes in a stick or a can in order to keep your pan residue free.
Also, check the manufacturers site for instructions on what to do before you use your pan for the first time.
I still have large bundt pan from this same company that I received in the 1970's.
Still use it for baking gifts and contributions to bake sales and various dinners.
Forty plus years and seven moves later and it is still as good as new.
This is a great high quality pan which really delivers.
One of the first things that I did was to shop for smaller pan sizes.
I used this pan for the first time yesterday after watching it for months on Amazon.
I made an orange chiffon cake and it released beautifully (I did use some cooking spray) and looked very professional.
Makes a great presentation with very little extra effort.
It has a nice heavy feel to it (as their Platinum Collection products tend to)and I would say I'm very satisfied.
Got this for my uncle who bakes all the time.
We compared the one he has to this one.
This is deeper, it is much more substantial and you can tell the difference in the quality of the two pans.
Will have to add an addendum when we determine if it does a better job of distributing the heat in the baking process.
Must be the easiest design for further decoration, if you want to jazz up your table.
Made fiesta bread and it came out perfect.
I did grease it a bit with butter.
This instantly turns your bundt cakes into works of art.
Sure this is piocey, but you will feel great presenting any dessert you make with this mold.
The cake easily comes out unlike other bundt pans that you have to work with a spatula to get the cake out.
Nice quality and will last a lifetime if you take care of it.
I bought this pan because I did not own a Bundt Pan and it was highly reviewed on Amazon.
The reviews are correct, it bakes bundt cakes incredibly well.
The cake was baked completely and evenly in 45 minutes.
It has a nice weight to it and feels like a quality pan in your hands.
I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loved it.
She said the cake comes out perfect and has had no problems with it.
Instead of the traditional bundt cake pan this makes it more interesting and allows the glaze to run in a neat pattern.
I have had this Bundt Pan since May 2012.
Extremely pleased with the results it has yielded.
Heavy duty construction ensures even browning every time.
I have yet to have a cake not release from this pan.
I purchased this pan along with the Nordic Ware Original Bundt Pan.
And the cakes come out beautifully with a wonderful crust.
I especially like that it will hold up to 15 cups of batter.
The Aluminum  Ionized metal is the closest you will come to finding a cast iron bundt pan.
You will still be required to lightly grease and flour it.
But the finished cake shape is simply beautiful.
This is an heirloom quality pan that will last a lifetime and can be passed onto the next generation.
Probably one of the best cake pan purchases I have ever made.
This makes beautiful cakes (I'm convinced their attractiveness makes them taste better :-] ).
I can't say enough about this sturdy, well made, beautiful pan.
No matter what kind o f cake I make using this pan, I always get floods of compliments.
It will make a beautiful addition to any dessert table.
They are quite lovely and look good hanging on a wall but that is not why I bought them.They release the cake; easily.
Despite being dishwasher unfriendly they come clean quickly with hot water and a wipe and then are ready for another round of baking.
I will likely never use another brand of Bundt pan.
Such  a lovely bundt cake when using this bundt cake pan.
I find you must not fill the pan over 2/3 full and usually should let the cake cool 10 minutes before inverting.
Baker's Joy is great for detail with non-stick surface.
I have found great recipes in Bundt cake cookbooks and online.
The Cathedral Bundt Pan is heavy and strong, makes for good even temperature while baking.
Because of it's detail I just pop it in the dishwasher to clean it--it comes out 100% clean every time.
It makes a very impressive cake that always gets a lot of compliments.
I like to use it for Christmas, Easter, church functions and wakes--it's just the thing.
I've used this pan several times since I bought it, and it has worked great every time.
I'm not a great baker, and I wanted an idiot-proof pan; every cake I've baked in this pan has turned out perfectly.
I've also used it several times to make coffee cakes and banana nut breads.
It's great for making different sized (height) cakes.
It also cleans easily with hot soapy water.
OMG!!! This makes your cake look so so good! I made banana bread and it looked like a professional bake.
Just spray a little bit of cooking spray and it doesnt stick to the pan!! Best baking ware ever!!!.
I ordered this as a gift for my new daughter-in-law.
First of all, before you pour the cake batter in this pan to bake, please liberally spray non stick cooking spray.
This cake looks beautiful without frosting but I added a caramel frosting to my yellow bundt cake and it went quickly.
I was looking for a bundt cake pan that was large enough to handle a particular recipe that I have.
This is it! The cakes using this pan come out beautiful and it can handle a large size recipe.
Nordic Ware Platinum Collection series of Bundt Pans are terrific baking pans.
If you want to receive special compliments for your baking, try using this design.
My Caribbean Rum Cake recipe was received with great anticipation this holiday when I served it baked with this particular pan.
The funny part was watching my friends try to figure out how they were suppose to slice this.
Just this shape will win you rave reviews.
What can I say but only good things about Nordic Ware Bundt Pan.
Exceptional material with excellent handiwork on the Cathedral designs.
After buying one and using it for a  while,  I bought a second pan.
The cakes come out with a perfect shape and color.
I just bought the Nordic popover pans and they are great too.
Threw out my old expensive teflon coated bundt cake pan happily.
This pan, if prepared properly doesn't stick at all.
My cakes so far, have come out of it perfectly.
Regardless of the coating, all of them would have cakes that stuck, and the coating would begin to flake off.
I finally decided to read Amazon's reviews and find a &#34;good&#34; pan that I could invest in for the long term.
After the first time I used this, I knew I had made the right decision.
Not only did the cake comes out easily without any effort, but it was perfectly and evenly baked.
The pan is also large enough that I don't have to worry about making larger cakes.
I've come to believe that cookware is an investment, and you tend to get results based upon what you pay for.
This pan isn't much more expensive than the cheap versions, and the results are well worth the difference.
I recommend this item whole-heartedly to anyone looking for a bundt pan.
Es un producto de excelente calidad, lo recomiendo porque esta hecho de un material resistente y con un acabado de primera.
I have been wanting to purchase a bundt pan for awhile, couldn't find my old one.
I use this pan to make my pound cake and it truly amazing, bakes beautifully.
I was impressed and it was so pretty.
In fact after the cake came out it didn't look like the pan had ever been used.
I had heard bundt pans were difficult so I greased and floured well.
No problems.I piped icing in the spiral  grooves, dusted the inside with sugar and wrapped it in cling wrap.
I needed a new bundt pan and after comparing many, I decided to go for the Nordic Ware Original Platinum Collection Bundt Pan.
Why 5 stars?  It is heavy cast aluminum so it bakes evenly and produces a nice crust.
I made my favorite Apricot Brandy Pound Cake in it and it has never looked or tasted so good.
This pan has a lovely, golden nonstick interior that is smooth, even silky.
The inner sculpting is sharp and gives the finished cake very clean lines.
And clean-up's a breeze!I'm very pleased with this bundt pan and readily recommend it to others.
Quick spray of Baker's Joy & everything I've baked slips out as easy as can be.
Nordic Ware however is made in the USA.
Its heavy cast aluminum provides unfailing baking performance.
My cakes rise evenly, cook uniformly, are exquisitely detailed, have deliciously golden crusts, and never stick when released from the pan.
The pan is made of heavy duty, non-stick walls and clean up is always a snap.
I hand wash with a soft dishcloth after soaking in hot soapy water for about 20 minutes.
Then I'll pass it down as an heirloom to my baking loved ones when I throw in my apron.
Made in the USA Nordic Ware has become a name I can always trust never to fail me.
It's the perfect size for a small dinner or party.
We baked our first cake in this pan and followed the directions using a spray oil/flour release coating on the pan.
The cake came out of the pan easily and was perfecty baked.
It looks like it will last a lifetime.
i was hesitant to pay high dollars for these pans but the size was exactly what i needed.
i give them a quick spray before baking and the cakes have released beautifully.
clean up is a breeze! dont forget that these bake 25 degrees lower!! definitely a must buy.
the outer edges of the cakes dont rise,now this could be from the spray and nonstick coating not letting the cake climb properly.
maybe a dust of flour around the outer edge will help.2.
this may not matter for most people but when i divide my batters by weight it results in different weights of my finished product.
its a minor infraction (weights are off half an ounce or less) but wanted to let you know.
This pan worked great and the cake turned out beautiful! It held its shape perfectly and easily popped out of the pan.
This bundt pan is perfect! I like the traditional shape and the nonstick coating makes it very easy for the cake to slide out.
This pan forms a beautiful cake and so far I have not had a problem with the cakes sticking.
I believe that reviewer had only used the cake pan three times.
I like this pan very much and have already used it five times in the past two weeks.
The pan bakes evenly and is easy to clean.
Cooks Illustrated gave this pan great reviews and it is rock solid.
I would buy it again, but I think this will outlive me.
This is simply the best Bundt pan I have used! Easy to clean.
Cake bakes evenly and comes out cleanly when the pan is properly prepped (shortening & flour).
Feels solid with a thick wall that does not warp in a hot oven.
These are wonderful little bundt pans for making two small cakes out of one cake recipe--one for me and one for sharing!  Perfect.
One small cake makes a better and prettier presentation for sharing then just cutting a cake in half.
I'm delighted to find these--didn't know Nordic made this size.
Was in Destin, Florida, and my daughter  just happend to find two of these (the last two they had) in a kitchen store.
We are &#34;empty nesters&#34; so a large cake is just too big for us to eat before it gets old.
This pan turns out a really nice looking little cake that doesn't even need frosting or glaze if you are calorie conscious.
Use the same amount of batter that you would for 1 layer or an 8-9 inch pan.
It is non-stick, but I spray it anyway - just in case! :).
This is a very nicely made Bundt pan.
I have used Bundt pans since they were resurrected in the 60's.
This pan is larger than some I have used and I like not having to worry about the cake running over.
Cake came out easily and in one piece.
I have had this on my wish list for a while and finally got it.
I was curious how this would really turn out once the cake was done and I turned it over.
It was PERFECTION !  I was so impressed and excited ! I also made my very first home made from scratch cake.
This pan had the &#34;honor&#34; of baking it.
The cake and the pan were very impressive !.
Every time I turn a cake out of this pan, I'm skeptical that the cake won't stick to the intricate design.
I cringe as I lift the pan off the cooling rack, fearing the worst.
But every time, without fail, the cake just slips right out of the pan, and is perfectly, evenly golden brown and lovely.
This is a heavy, substantial pan that seems like it will last a lifetime and is well worth the investment.
I ordered this bundt pan after reading a positive review from Cooks Illustrated.
Amazon charged less for it , so I ordered here.
The packaging was good and it arrived when promised.
I waited to use the pan several times before reviewing it.
Although the pan comes with one recipe, I researched on line to find recipes that we would enjoy.
This is a really large,heavy pan with convenient to grasp handles making it easier to get in and out of the oven.
If I didn't have a storage problem I would order more Nordic Ware bundt pans.
What a pan!  It is easy to use and even easier to clean.
Makes a dramatic presentation without and work!  Gets &#34;wows&#34; whenever I use it.
I won't repeat all the great review points already made, but give only a tip that produced a PERFECT result.
make SURE the flour is in the spray, however.Words can't describe how THRILLED I am with the results using this pan.
I did a lot of research before choosing this Bundt pan, because as a foodie, I'm demanding of my equipment.
This pan is lightweight but extremely functional, and it has lived up to its reputation for producing high-quality results.
As with all Bundt pans, this one requires careful greasing and cleaning, but the results are well worth it.
Just like the tube pan I ordered, this is just as nice!  Non stick, though Baker's Pam is suggested.
This replaces a Nordic Ware bundt pan that I bought over 25 years ago.
Then lightly flour the inside before pouring the batter into the pan.
Not once have I ever had a problem releasing the cake.
ALSO!!  Ya gots to wait for it to cool the appropriate amount of time BE-4 YA turn the pan over.
After looking at cheaper bundt pans, I opted for this one.
good product, nice solid pan, works excellent! Cake comes out easily and bakes evenly.
I also bought Nordic Ware brownie pan same good quality.
This pan was deemed a &#34;WINNER&#34; by America's Test kitchen and in a Cook's Country they tried four different methods for greasing this Bundt pan.
That is the only time I use the brush with butter and then flour method.
Otherwise I use a &#34;Baking&#34; spray not the regular everyday cooking spray.
Yes, I used a non-stick spray, but there's always some cake stuck to the sides of the pan.
This pan is just as expected, heavy good quality and cakes turn out perfect every time.
I will enjoy this pan fo years to come.
If you're baking for one or two, this is the perfect size pain.
Last cake made was beautiful -- can't wait to make something as a gift.
Really takes basic cakes to the next level.
This pan needs to be heavily greased in order for it to release cakes from its intricate details.
This hasn't happened before, but I'm concerned that the crevices are gathering a residue that is beginning to stick to my cakes.
Because of this, I used an old toothbrush to clean the pan meticulously.
I'd rather not have to do that again.Otherwise, it is solid and sturdy.
We do place a small sheet under the pan in the oven to keep it from tipping.
My daughter love this pan and she has been wanting one for a long time.
Ordering and getting the item on time was a breeze.
Got it for my wife and she thinks it is the best one she ever had.
To secure getting the cake out she uses a flower spray and it dropped out unbroken.
This is a solid pan that is made in the USA.
Cakes bake evenly and perfectly and release easily when properly prepared (using either shortening and then dusted with flour or when using Pam for Baking).
It's a great pan and a great value.
This pan is ALL I wanted in a stick-free bundt pan.
Nothing sticks to it.....PERIOD!!  Have made 4 cakes in it and am very pleased with the results.
It slipped right out and was perfectly browned all the way around.
I am looking forward to trying a red velvet recipe next.
I have seen some pictures where this cake looked beautiful in red velvet with strawberries in the middle and lined around the cake.
Perfection!  Nothing sticks, great definition, easy clean up.
The handles are a plus too!  This will prove to be a great gift for self, or others!  Go for it!.
These are heavyweight, high quality pans.This pan appears to be the same or similar to the great 60th Anniversary Limited Edition pan.
It is not clear whether this is the exact same pan, or a slightly shorter pan.
It mentions 10-12 cup capacity, but then the next paragraph, which appears to be copied-and-pasted from the 60th Anniversary pan, says 10-15 cup capacity.
Perhaps Amazon will correct it by the time you read this review.
Perhaps Amazon will correct this too, by the time you read this review.
Previously they said 11.1 x 10.5 x 3.8, and I had doubts about the depth measurement accuracy.
The 60th anniversary pan has a 4.5 inch depth.
The main diameter is 10.5 inches, except at the protruding handles.I used to have no interest in Bundt pans.
Then I realized 3 advantages:(1) can reduce calories -- no frosting or icing necessary.
A Bundt cake looks pretty, and does not look bare if frosting is omitted.
This is in contrast to regular layer-style cakes, which are more problematic.
Love this pan use it all the time.
Just like the one my Mom has had for years.
But once cut the slices don't look so attractive but it's really about the taste right.
This is a heavyweight, built-to-last, use-it-often, high quality cake pan.
I am a first time Nordic Ware buyer, I will be a repeat buyer.
I bought this pan as a gift and will be buying a second one soon.
It produces a beautiful cake that pops out easily.
I have now baked three cakes using this pan and every recipient has been stunned by the simple, yet elegant shape of the cakes.
I live alone, but like to bake for gifts and monthly card parties.
A true mini traditional Bundt pan, which is what I was aiming for.
Maybe I will get more daring with designs, later, but was concerned about definition of design on a smaller scale.
Would highly recommend Nordic Ware for its quality.
Should have bought one like this a long time ago.
You have to coat it well so that the cake demolds without issue.
I find many of my baking/cooking items on Amazon.
They always have the best to choose from.
I've been fighting with a 15 year old bundt pan...so many ruined cakes no matter WHAT I did.
THis one is heavy duty, even heat and fairly easy removal.
Folks know that my better half is a chef and she just got this pan in time for the hollidays.
too pretty to eat.&#34;But cut and eat we did.If you're looking for a cake pan that will make people say &#34;wow!&#34; THIS is that pan.
Great success! It has a very beautiful design and it surprises everybody when the cake is ready.
I love my bundt pan; the first cake was simply amazing.
The nice thing about this pan is the quality - it is solid in weight and the design provides a very attractive cake.
Much better price than Williams Sonoma and other high end cooking shops.
It's a nice large bundt pan for special occasions.
I like the non stick inside that it provides.
As an empty-nester, I found that I need smaller everything in the kitchen - smaller platters, serving bowls, cake pans, bundt pans.
This is a nice little pan, and it will still serve 6 to 8 people.
I took my standard bundt cake recipe and cut it in half, and it was perfect for this pan.
I agree with other reviews that recommend this pan over another cheaper version by the same company.
The cake came out of this pan flawlessly, no sticking at all.
The heavy duty metal that it is made from is worth the extra bucks.
Great for people who don't want to make a giant bundt cake, otherwise, look for the 12-cup version.
I used this pan to bake my famous sweet potato pound cake.
It was a holiday party hit! Everyone raved about my beautiful cake.
I did not have an issue with my cake sticking.
The thick metal distributes the heat evenly and it makes really good baked surfaces.
The edges of the swirls are crisp and clean.
I never have a problem with cake sticking to the pan.
One needs handles on a bundt pan and this one has it.
It's heavy duty and durable!  Worth the extra $$$.
This is a replacement for one I've had for 45 years.
The old one failed to release one too many bundt cakes.
The Nordic Ware releases beautifully with a minimum of greasing and flouring.
Now I can use baking spray and make sure I get all the nooks and crannies and still get the cake out in one piece.
In the past I've owned numerous non stick Bunt pans, but was never satisfied with any of them.
They either scratched easily, the cake was impossible to get out without cracking it.
This pan is so FAR SUPERIOR to any pan I've ever owned, it is not even a close comparison.
The cake came out bakery quality, and was super easy to remove and clean as well.
I can now honestly say, "I toss my last Bundt pan"...Buy the pan, you won't be disappointed.
My only regret is not buying it sooner.
I have used this bundt pan a couple of times since I purchased the pan.
The cake comes out easily and perfectly everytime.
The pan is adequate for small bundt cakes for a family of 4.
I like the finish and make of the pan.
Nordicware stuff is a little higher on the price but worth the money spent.
I have a cheap quality, thin aluminum bundt pan and every time I tried to bake in it, it burned.
This pan is the absolute end all for traditional shaped bundt cakes.
The cake cooked evenly and all the way through, no rotation required, and I can not recommend this pan highly enough.
Coat the pan gently with butter; sprinkle evenly with flour; when done, leave the cake and pan to cool(approx.
twenty minutes) and the cake will fall out without any hesitation.
Also, this is the BEST deal I have come across.
Hope you have as many pleasant experiences as I have with Nordic Ware pans.
It was a very pretty light silver color.
I used it to bake a beautiful German Chocolate cake.
All I did was spray the inside of the bundt pan with Pam.
Two of these 6 cup pans equal one of the standard, traditional 12 cup or 10 inch Bundt pans.
Nordic Ware made excellent products thirty years ago when I bought my first full-sized Bundt pan, and they continue to make excellent products today.
The cakes released from the pans easily without damage after cooling and looked terrific.
Just remember to adjust the baking times to account for less batter.
Bought this from my wife as she enjoys baking...The pan is made of some really sturdy material.
This is a quality long lasting piece of cookware that you can pass down to your kids!.
solid construction, great coating, makes beautiful cakes, nicely browned, and easy to clean up.
If you love to bake mini-desserts you must get one of these.
Cakes made with this mold create a bit of a sensation because they are so visually distinctive.
I've started a bundt pan collection and Nordic Ware is my favorite.
I love the variety of bundt pans they have and each of them allows me to help provide a tasteful dining experience.
I made two scratch cakes and they both stuck to the pan.
I just read a review Where she didn't fill to the top.
I am going to try this  and see if this works  It's a beautiful design  I order every thing from Amazon that I can.
They are fast delivery and cooperative on returns.
I made a chocolate flan cake with caramel topping.
The caramel gets put in the bundt pan before the cake batter and flan.
I did use some baking spray and the cake came out of the pan with no problem.
I was looking for something unique for baking and this is just what I wanted.
I got rave reviews from my Bunco girls when I brought this cake.
I made a Lemon Blueberry cake and just drizzled thin white icing on top so I wouldn't cover up the design with thick frosting.
I had no problem getting the cake out of the pan either.
If you are looking for something different than a regular bundt pan get this.
Used this pan the next day after it arrived.
The recipe I used suggested to use non stick spray and sugar instead of flour.
The cake cooled for about 15-20 mins I turned it and it slipped out of the pan nicely.
The sugar gave it a nice glaze look not the flour look.
My husband was very impressed with the mold, and it cleaned up very easliy.
Great buy, waiting to buy another by this company!!!.
The cake came out so easily, and looks great.
Very pretty, and very happy with this B pan.
Well, I can tell you that all the reviews I read were correct.
I used the spray Pam for cooking, that already has the flour in it.
Washed in the dishwasher, came out just fine.
Conducts heat very well and always resulted in a evenly browned crust.
Best of all, it is made in the USA!.
You can use melted butter and a silicone pastry brush and flour or baking spray to achieve perfection.Cons: not one.
This pan is DEFINITELY worth the price!  and coming from me, that is saying something because most of my cookware is from yard sales!).
Having finally retired my hand-me-down 1960s harvest gold Bundt pan, I decided to go for a larger and heavier pan.
This pan was recommended by several baking blogs and books.
It's a good, sturdy, even-heating pan that is easy to clean.
The indentations are deep enough that cakes come out looking terrific.
That it has handles wasn't a deciding factor in the purchase, but, now that I've used it, I realize how convenient they are.
I've used this with Crisco/flour,  butter/flour, cocoa powder/butter, and Baker's Joy.
Each time, the cake slid right out of the pan with no sticking whatsoever.
The only problem with it is that I now want some of the other shapes in the collection.
I spray it with some butter flavored non-stick spray, add my batter and a little over an hour later, HEAVENLY tasting and looking bundt cake.
Clean up is a breeze and it has some weight to it which I like and definitely glad I purchased.
The first time I used it, I felt in love with it.
It provides even baking throughout and pop out of it just perfect with no sign of resistance!.
Thick aluminum will provide even heat for baking.
I used it right away with a modified cake mix.
Greased it and floured it and used it.
I love this beautiful and impressive Cake Pan.
The cake is beautiful I use Bakers Joy when ever I am baking in this pan and it always turns out like a charm.
I love it and always get so many compliments when ever I serve a cake where I used this pan.
It is awesome, and I can't say enough good things about how great this cake pan is.
I have several recipes posted using this Pan.
No one comes close to the price , and most of my items I order with free shipping.
I cannot imagine anyone not truly LOVING THIS AMAZING CAKE PAN.
Make your next dessert impression using this  Nordic Ware Heritage Bundt pan.
I do a lot of baking so don't just take my word about the quality of this pan see the results for yourself.
I just got this yesterday and will be baking a cake with it today.
Of course I'll have to use Pam spray with flour.
But it's heavy duty and will stand the test of time.
Extremely happy with my purchase.Update: I have used it several times and each times, it comes out beautifully.
Thankfully I always make half batch cakes, otherwise it would overflow.
No one ever seems to be able to eat an entire rich bundt cake so the 1/2 size is excellent.
LOVE NORDIC WARE BUT WAS AMAZED WHEN SOME OF MY SPECIALTY CAKES FLIPPED OUT EASY WITHOUT BREAKING.
SERVICE WAS GREAT, CAME QUICKLY AND A GOOD PRICE.
TAKES A BIT LONGER TO CLEAN DUE TO THE NOOKS AND CRANNIES BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT AND I WOULD ALWAYS BUY THIS BRAND.
But the cakes are beautiful and slide out perfectly.
Bought this on Amazon a coup,e of years ago.
Nordic Ware is THE name in Bundt pans and this is the granddaddy of Them all.
Wonderful! The pan is perfectly heavy to evenly cook your cakes.
The nonstick surface allows everything to release with no fuss.
(Remember to use the right type of scrubbie for non-stick pans.) I highly recommend Nordic Ware Original Platinum!.
This pan makes such a beautiful cake that all I had to do was sprinkle a little powdered sugar on top.
Which I just use in mini bundt pans.
Haven't used it yet but can tell I will be very pleased with the outcome.
Nordic has high quality products but personally I prefer the more expensive and heavier bundt pan they make for my large bundt cakes.
For most baking users will find this pan adequate.
My cakes usually require the 12+ cup bundt pan.
This has been my favorite bundt pan for years.
Actually I bought the Nordic Ware Platinum one when it first was up for sale.
I bake my apple cakes in it and many others that are with fruit and heavy ingredients.
It releases the cake great if you grease completely with Crisco all crevices, edges and up to top.
The cakes come out golden brown, moist and beautiful.
If you ever decide to buy one or replace another type, be sure and buy this one.
Mine is still like brand new and I have had it for years.
The quality of it is well worth the $30 and I mean it.
Just place medium hot soapy water in it and let soak for a little while.
Then wash out in warm clear water and it comes out bright and clean inside and outside stays shiny of course.
The handles on this Bundt pan are just what I needed to flip the bread onto the platter!  Very pleased with it!.
Prettiest bundt cakes EVER.The fish means the cake just slides out.The shape lends itself to all kinds of decoration.
It's heavy metal & has a lovely design.
My  Bundt cake was evenly browned and looked great.
This is a small pan, perfect for a little cake.
A recipe is attached to the pan giving the correct amounts of ingredients for a cake that will fit nicely.
You can then judge your recipe before you start to see if this pan is the right size for the cake you intend to make.
Lightweight, have used it several times, cake bakes evenly and pops out very easily.
Would definitely recommend this one! Happy shopper here.
I baked several times in this pan and the cakes just slide out of the pan without any issue.
I always greased the pan first before pouring in the batter.
I purchased many nordic ware pan because they are made in the USA and they are good heavy quality stuff.
Love this pan, bakes fantastic cakes, easy cake removal and easy clean up.
I recommend this Bundt pan, you won't regret purchasing it.
If you love making classic bundt cakes or just getting started, you will love this pan.
The pan has a nice weight and is worth it's weight in gold.
You cannot go wrong with a Nordic Ware pan.
I love this cake pan!  It's heavy and durable, and made in the USA.
It is a very heavy & sturdy pan.
I  will let you know the outcome of the customer service.
I really hope it is resolved soon.I received a replacement.
It is much better than the 1st one, there is only one very tiny rough edge.
The company was professional in their returns &  to gave no hassles about the exchange.
NO using a knife to go gently around the cake to loosen it.
There was plenty of room in the pan for the pound cake to rise.
It cooked up to the top, but never spilled over.
I almost hated to turn it upside down due to the pretty edges of the cake.
I now have over a dozen of the Nordic Ware pans.
They are made to last for generations if you take care of them correctly.
The cakes come out beautifully like this Blossom Bundt Pan.
DO NOT wash these pans in the dishwasher!  Wash them by hand in soapy water.
When making your cakes, always coat the pans with either shortening (apply with a brush) and sprinkle with flour.
You can also purchase the canned sprays that contain flour.
I fill pans 2/3rds to 3/4ths full so you don't get an overflow when baking.
After pulling them out of the oven, wait 10 minutes before turning the pans over.
Each recipe I've tried has come out perfect.
I have owned several bundt pans, including a silicone version.
I continued to search Amazon every so often until they had it.
I bought it immediately and have now used it a number of times.
As other reviewers have said - the quality is superb, the finish excellent, and the design is quite eyecatching.
Cakes release easily with just a misting of spray, clean up is easy.
Glazing it does present a bit of a problem, as the deep pattern forms a trough which funnels glaze right down to the plate.
Just glaze it on a cooling rack set in a cookie sheet and you won't have the mess on the plate or counter.
This pan is not as large as the commercial version, so it might not hold all of a large recipe.
Please encourage Amazon to bring back the 4 for 3 promotion in baking pans.
It was a wonderful way to fill the cupboard with beautiful pans at a reasonable price and I miss that promotion greatly.
OMG! couldn't believe how well this pan performed after three or four cheaper pans I'm now throwing away.
The handles are fantastic, recipes won't overflow and both sides are coated with quick release.
My bundt jumped out of the pan with just Pam spray.
Head over to AllRecipes and find the Pumpkin Cake III recipe and prepared for the most amazing bundt cake experience possible.
I am new to baking and needed a bundt pan.
this was the right price and has a classy look to it.
It bakes evenly, however the cake still got stuck in the pan, even with using Wilton Cake Release.
It may totally be operator error (again, I am new to baking).
I still love this bundt pan and will use again.
This is a well made pan that I have no issues with.
The knife flutes create great crispy edges and the pan browns cake beautifully.
I love baking and this little pan works wonders! The pan distributes heat evenly so you don't get any hot spots on your cake.
It makes ordinary cakes so beautiful and I'm glad that I chose this as my first bundt design as it's so contemporary.
It's only a 10 cupper, so most cakes recipes call for 12 cups.
Fill about 3/4 full (about an inch under the first indentation of the base rim) and scoop out about 6 regular size cupcakes.
Great 'cuz I can leave the cupcakes at home and take the cake elsewhere.
This cake is so beautiful, all that needs is a little white powdered sugar dusting and your cake will get lots of "Ohhhs" and "Aaaahhhs".
This was a hit at a friends's party.
This is a heavy well made bundt pan that conducts heat evenly.
It makes beautiful cakes with very precise and clearly defined points and grooves.
The pan is not small and if you have a tiny apartment kitchen it will take up space.
But the quality is there and it will last a very long time.
This is a great pan - heavy enough that cakes cook evenly and thoroughly.
I do grease & flour the pan before baking, however.
Tried without doing so and cake occasionally stuck in ridges.
I first saw this mold in the King Arthur Flour Catalogue and was smitten with the beautiful design.
The mold did not come in a box as I expected, but with just a skimpy strip of cardboard wrapped around it.
I had ordered 2 of these molds, 1 for me, 1 for a gift.
They arrived with the cardboard strips very beat up and I wasn't happy about giving a gift in that condition.
Nordic Ware and Amazon should rethink how they package/mail this item.
Real enough that I feel that I do not have to wash the pan after baking.
it is just so clean as it was before I put it into the oven.
And I never add any butter, cheese or other kinds of oil to my cakes.
Note that the pan is big since it could hold 12 cups of liquid, and it is heavy comparing to the similar size counterpart.
With just a little bit of butter and flour, the cake released easily.
I wouldn't trust any other brand with my bundt cakes!.
My wife made a rum cake using this pan and it looked incredible.
We all felt like it was a shame to have to cut into it.
She's had bad luck with other ornate bundt pans that don't release the cake properly and cause crumbling and imperfections.
But with a little Pam and flour, the cake popped out perfectly.
A definate must buy for your serious baker.
This pan is NOT cheap and will not bake your cakes unevenly.
I've been baking for over 30 years and know a good pan when I see one.
This one is definately at the top of my list.
Used this pan for the first time last weekend, and the results were awesome.
Do not spend money buying other brands, these are the best pans in the market.
I work for a coffee company and these are the machines we use in office and for our commercial customers.
lacking in consumer friendliness, but a phone call to them will likely solve your problem.
As well there are more than a couple distributors of Bunn parts on the net.
I second the recommendation that you use Bunn A10 filters with this unit.
When you get this unit, do not turn it on until you have filled it with water or you will burn out your heating element.
Tip from a coffee company: use two filter baskets if you're going to experiment with flavored coffees.
Maintain one of them for flavored coffee only and you'll never have flavor-tainted unflavored coffee.
We recently purchased theBunn A10 Pour-O-Matic Coffee Brewerto replace ourBUNN GRXB Original 10-Cup Home Coffee Brewer, Black.
When shopping for a new coffee maker there was no question that it would be another Bunn, the question was which one.
Because it holds hot water in it's tank, it brews a full pot of coffee in about 3 minutes.
This is our reason for buying a Bunn.
Just be careful because coffee will being brewing immediately.
They're also a great filler item if you're trying to meet that $25 shipping mark.BUNN BCF100-B 100-Count Basket Filter.
The difference between this and MOST commercial models is that most can brew two pots (reg and decaf) at once, and have three hotplates.
This is a metal plated bad boy with few working parts, and a mechanics sensibility in design.
The metal spray head is replacable, and they have plastic ones for hard water.
The taste of the coffee is superb, but it takes more grinds to get it strong.
The carafe is the NCD decanter, which is more drum shaped and has the flip up lid.
Bunn coffee makers have been in my household for over 30 years and I would not buy anything else.
They offer a great cup of coffee fast and delicious every time.
This model is no different, worked great out of box! Highly recomend.
I originally purchased Bunn Model VP17-1 not knowing there was not a switch that would turn off the warming plate, something I'll rarely use.
Although I liked the industrial look and feel of the VP17-1, the lack of that switch was a dealbreaker for me.The A10 was perfect.
Not only did it take up a smaller footprint on my countertop, it allows me to store the empty decanter on the turned-off  hotplate.
This prevents the need to find a separate place to store the decanter.
Although it's been over 30 years, this model reminds me of a Bunn I once owned that lasted for many, many years.
It's a small price to pay to keep this coffee machine performing as it should.And oh yes.
This Bunn A10  coffee machine produces an excellent pot of coffee, and does so very quickly.
It is, after all, a restaurant grade coffee machine, albeit the entry level.
This is my third Bunn Pour-O-Matic Coffee Brewer.
They are pricey but they last a long time.
The DeCoty Coffee Company in San Angelo Texas has cleaned mine several times at a minimal cost.
There are cheaper versions of the one I bought but it's worth it.
Perfect coffee, fast fast fast, and one of my favorite kitchen appliances for thirty years or more.
When I was looking to purchase a new machine, I only was looking for a Bunn.
Bunn makes the best coffee machines, none can compare.
Every diner, coffee house, and Dunkin' Donuts only use Bunn machines.
The A10 is one great machine! Brews perfect cups of coffee hot and quickly.
Everyone in my office is very happy with the unit.
I bought the A10 to replace a Bunn unit that I used for 10 years without a glitch.
I bought my first Bunn A10 Pour-O-Matic coffee brewer in 1996 and had nothing but good steady service from it.
I have had a number of bad experiences with Coffee machines over the past few years.
All of them had bells and whistles and all of them broke and were not servicable AT ALL.
We have very hard water where I live and deliming was always the downfall of these machines.
When buying this machine, I wanted something that would last and would servicable because I knew we would have problems because of our water.
Seriously, you pour in 24 oz or more of water and in about 3 mins its DONE.
Plus you don't have to let your grounds sit out all night getting stale!.
Coffee never tasted so good, I recommend this unit to anyone over any in store purchased Bunn or any other brand.
The Bunn A10 that I purchased early in Feb.
I bought this rotisserie to replace one just like it that I finally wore out.
I didn't want to buy another one, because it's a son-of-a-gun to clean - even the non-stick parts.
But no other rotisserie cooks poultry and roasts to perfection like this one does.
I also use it for sausage, veggies, chicken breasts, chops.
I love the baskets - fill them with chicken pieces, sprinkle on the seasoning, and sit back.
Then I fill my sink with hot, soapy water and drop everything into it to soak while we eat.
The most important advice I can give anyone is:  BUY A GOOD MEAT THERMOMETER AND LEARN TO USE IT.
Check it often, and rely on the thermometer, not the timer, to achieve perfectly roasted meat.
This is the 2 Ronco Rotisserie we have bought.
Our first one finally died, and we got this one as it was slightly better to let us put a slightly bigger prime roast inside.
It cooks so well, is so easy to cook with and even easy to clean up.
This was the best price I could find and came with Amazon Prime in two days.
I called Ronco to get the kabobs and warming tray but this Ronco rotisserie was discontinued in 2011.
They said the standard size they have now is the same size as this model 5000.
I'm on back-order for the kabobs and warming tray.
Wish they sold these options here with this rotisserie.
The boy turned out to be a pretty good cook.
He got the hang of this thing right away.
This thing is a great idea from Ronco.
After seeing this illustrated on TV, I really wanted to buy one.
When I found it on Amazon, I bought it immediately.
When it arrived, I tried it the very same day and found it to work flawlessly.
I love how the chicken comes out and enjoy using it rather than going out to buy rotisserie chicken.
I haven't tried it on anything else but will.
Mom was always buying the chickens at the grocery store for her recipes.
She has used this so much- Dad is already sick of chicken.
She says it's easy to clean and use.
I use this rotisserie at least once a month.
I cook pork butt roasts seasoned with Italian Porketta and garlic.
My chicken is seasoned with Trader Joe's 21 Seasoning Salute and garlic.
I received this as a gift and have been pleased with how it cooks.
It makes beautifully tender meat but it is awkward to use.
I found the cooking times listed to be vastly under.
I would test it with a thermometer at temperature and pull it out to find the center still essentially raw.
To fix this we started at the stated time per pound then let it go until the skin was really dark gold.
It came out as roughly double the time and the meat was perfect throughout.
Next time we made a bird I basted it with butter and my husband almost swooned when he came home and smelled it cooking.
I really do like having the oven free to bake other things while a chicken is spinning in the rotisserie.
The rotisserie is rather large so finding a place for it to &#34;live&#34; in the kitchen has been an issue.
I had a couple of meals made in a Ronco rotisserie at a friends house.
I was so impressed that I bought this one on Amazon while staying at their house.
The glass door slides under the machine for easy removal of the food.
The door also comes off and is dishwasher safe.
The only assembly was sliding the reflector plate in behind the element and putting the door in it's little notches.
It came with a booklet and dvd, basket for meat patties or veggies and fish.
A pair of heat resistant gloves and elastic ties.
Also a drip pan that catches the drippings.
There are kbob rods and a steamer basket that you can order seperately.
I recomend watching the dvd and even some youtube videos for more ideas.
Chicken wings and legs need to be secured with the elastic ties or butcher string.
It is a healthy and easy way to cook.
We use it almost entirely for chicken -- always perfectly done and healthful, with most of the fat dripping down.
I've been talking this up with family and friends for years.
I have owned my Ronco rotisserie for over five years and love it.
I use it at least once a week.
It cooks the best chicken and leg of lamb ever.
I even cooked a small turkey in it a few years ago.
I have used the basket to cook fish, chicken thighs and legs, vegetables, hamburgers and just about anything that will fit.
I bought one for my brother and three friends.
None of us have ever had any of the problems listed in some of the reviews.
The glass doors still sparkle with just hot soapy water and follow up with a dry towel.
Now all of our models are at least four years old.
Therefore I cannot speak about the quality of today's machines.
Look for older models on Craigs list of e-bay and maybe you will be lucky like we have been!.
I bought my first one from a late night TV infomercial.
My wife could not believe what I did when the box arrived.
I make fish, steak and poultry using the attachments supplied.
So I calculate the estimated cook times then use the pop-ups as final determination.
Did a 13 lb turkey for Thanksgiving and it came out perfectly done and juicy.
I am particular about clean-up and this unit requires cleaning after each use, particularly for the rear heat reflector.
Finally solved that problem by wrapping the heat reflector in heavy duty Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil before each use.
Not only would I recommend these to a friend, I have actually purchased them for my kids.
This is the 2nd Ronco that I have purchased.
My husband took the first one to work and it was used and abused so I had to buy another one for home.
I waited a while to purchase the 2nd one because the price was too high.
I am glad I waited because I found it much cheaper at Home Depot with free shipping.
If you are hesitant to buy this item, I would say definitely buy it if you are a foodie/cook.
If you are buying it because you like the idea, don't waste your money for a one time use.
I absolutely love this machine and use it quite often.
I never had any issues with it (unlike a few other Ronco products).
I just wish I had one big enough to do a Thanksgiving turkey - that would be heaven.
This is the best and only way to really cook a chicken.
I have used other's with great results but always had a hard time getting the chicken to rotate without touching.
This thing just works everything is well thought out and easy to use.
It all comes apart easily to clean and is coated with not stick so you don't have to fight to get everything clean after using.
I Love it, and I love the way chicken tastes when it comes out.
With the free shipping its a no brainer, this is just a great deal for a great product.
It was easy to use and the first time I used it my chicken came out tasty and moist.
I won't be purchasing the supermarket ready make rotisserie chickens any longer.
The Rotisserie came with a bent drip pan and the coating wears off REAL fast but I love the way it works.
It is true &#34;Set it and forget it&#34;.
You do need to find your time on it.
I cook some things longer than it says and some shorter time but once you get used to it you'll love it.
my family was so impressed with the turkey we cooked in our new Ronco Showtime Rotisserie.
I bought a 12 pound turkey and it fit perfectly onto this rotisserie.
However, I personally would not go bigger on this.
After washing the turkey, I dried it and rubbed it with salt/pepper/lawrys poultry seasoning before putting it into the Ronco.
I let the turkey cook for 4 hours as stated in the guide.
The results: the most amazing, tender, fall of the bone, delicious, crispy skin turkey my family and I have ever had.
Spray the inside down lightly with any spray oil and also spray the part the skewers the chicken.
You can also use the top of this unit to keep other food items hot.
It is also very easy to clean either by hand or in a dishwasher.
I can't imagine a kitchen without a Ronco rotisserie.
This thing makes a great tasting rotisserie chicken.
I have used this multiple times and even bring in my RV camping for a fresh cooked rotisserie chicken.
It can cook two chickens at a time if desired and cleanup is pretty easy.
I prefer the Cornish hens and two at a time will feed a small family and does great.
It is such a no brainer for people like me who are not seasoned cooks.
Instead, with the rotisserie, you just follow the cooking times recommended in the included manual and you get a perfectly cooked bird every time.
My family and guests have raved about the meals that I have prepared with this rotisserie.
Brining the bird before you cook it will ensure that you have an extra moist bird after you have cooked it.
I then rub the bird with the rub of my choice.
One rub that I like is theTom Douglas Chicken Rub.
After I put the rub on the bird I tie the bird's legs and wings to the bird.
Be careful where you place your hands as you spear it so that you don't spear yourself while you are first learning to do this.
You also want to make sure that the bird is nicely centered on the spit so that it spins well in the rotisserie.
This can be found in the included manual.
Usually, for a 9 to 12 lb bird it takes me around 1.8 to 2.5 hours.
I always recommend checking the internal temperature with a thermometer to make sure that the bird is completely cooked to at least 165 degrees.
It definitely makes entertaining and serving tasty meals of chicken or turkey very easy!.
When it stopped working I decided to get this one.
It makes the best rotisserie chicken and the roast pork is to die for.
I put a disposable aluminum pie pan in the bottom to catch the drippings.
This saves extra cleaning and the drippings make a wonderful gravy.
This product is very easy to clean after use (inside and out).
Came with a pair of heavy duty heat proof gloves which makes removing the meat easy and safe.
great!! it is easy to clean, makes great chicken, but really large to store.
I have been yearning for a Ronco Rotisserie for years but they were always a bit out of my price range, particularly with shipping.
When I saw that I could have one from Amazon.com with free shipping, I took the plunge and am exceedingly glad I did.
So far I have only cooked large 5-6 lb.
chickens and capons on the spit and they come out perfectly, magnificently: crispy on the outside, moist and tender all the way to the bone.
As for our friend who received this oven as a gift - he loves it.
It's a wonderful product, built to last, doesn't heat up your kitchen and delivers some of the most delicious foods you've ever had.
chicken, a couple of steaks, and a pork butt in it.
The steaks really didn't turn out that great but the pork and chicken were awesome.
Internal temp was right where it should have been so I brushed on the orange sauce that comes with the duck.
let it heat/rotate for another 7 minutes, let it rest for about 10 minutes, and then started carving.
I sprayed the back reflector shield with Pam as others recommended and it came out scorched and black.
I've done turnkey, chicken, and steaks in mine and always comes out great.
Just follow the book and you can't go wrong.
Had an older Ronco many years ago when my husband and I traveled the country in an RV.
Was not planning to RV travel again, but have since changed our minds.
Thought we would go ahead a get a new Ronco Rotisserie.
Using again for our travels and we love it.
We have cooked many different items in this rotisserie, and have had great results each time.
We used the gloves for picking up anything very, very hot and they work great so we are very happy about getting a new pair.
If you love rotisserie cooking and eliminating lots of fat, we think this is a great buy.
Just started using this the other day and so far I'm very pleased with this rotisserie.
It cooks as advertised and is easy to clean up.
I received this as a gift ten years ago and I broke the glass door after using it almost weekly.
I so far have made some great baby back ribs, lemon pepper wings, italian sausage, and steak.
Absolute delicious !  I haven't used my stove or oven since it arrived two weeks ago.
I was very leary of buying anything from Ronco but I have been pleasantly surprised by this unit.
It does not get the counter top surface hot so you do not need to set it on a insulator.
It has been used to cook roasts and chicken with good results.
Clean up is easy due to the drip pan being coated in teflon.
I do recommend this product based upon my experience with it.
We had great success with the rotisserie oven today.
Noteworthy is that there is probably less splattering than grilling or microwaving(?!).
We had also chosen what is normally a messy but very tasty basting sauce consisting primarily of cane syrup and soy sauce.
Needless to say, our little Butterball was juicier than the regularly-basted oven-roasted Butterball in a side-by-side comparison.
For smaller servings (and a 30 minute cooking time), the rotisserie also does a great job with drumsticks in the bbq tray.
Lastly, we noted that a little scrubbing is required after running the accessories through the dishwasher.
I've owned a Villaware Multi-baker before but destroyed the "teflon" plates in my dishwasher.
Makes beautifull waffles every day for my family and every waffle has been perfect.
I got this waffler after the Cuisinart round waffler bailed on me.
or used a different tone for when the iron is hot vs.
But overall this is a great product and I'm very happy with it!.
From thinner, traditional batter to almost dough-like savory waffles, it has performed perfectly every time.Sundays have a new tradition in my house: waffle day.
And why not when it's this easy!  Pancakes, schmancakes.
I'd rather have a waffle from this waffle maker any day.
I've tried many different waffle irons over the years and this, by far, is the best one.
I've used it several times so far and every single waffle, no matter what recipe I use, comes out perfect.
Nothing sticks and when the &quot;done&quot; tone sounds, it's ready!.
Have tried several recipes in this waffle maker.
All have turned out well except they are not browned quite as evenly as I remember those made in my mom's old waffler.
Does clean up easily if you don't overfill (each waffle takes a bit over 1/2 cup batter).I have to agree the tone is unpleasant.
A nice little chiming sound would have been so much nicer.
This is the regular waffle version of the iron recommended on Good Eats.
I don't know why people complain of the chirp when the waffles are done.
I don't have to stare at the thing all the time!  I find it a bit hard to clean, though.
The works great! We have used it for a couple of weeks now and we haven't had any trouble.
Our old one that was made by a different company wasn't very durable and was pain to deal with.
Just plug it in and start mixing the batter.
Then spoon about 1/2 to 3/4 a tablespoon onto the iron and lightly press down.
After about 35-45 seconds, lift the iron and pullout the pizzelles.
I recently got married, and my sisters purchased this for my shower.
Our mother's family is Italian, and pizzelles were always a treat when we were growing up.
As I got older, I made them myself using my mother's old iron, and as a bride, I wanted to have my own.
This iron is very easy to use and makes perfect pizzelles.
After the iron heats up (about 7-8 minutes), it makes two cookies in about 30 seconds.
The pizzelles remove from the iron easily with a spatula; I experienced no sticking, and clean up was a breeze.
I purchased this machine to replace an old one that I had that made great pizzelles, but which didn't have a non-stick surface.
Pizzelles used to occasionally stick and I would have to clean the surface with a metal brush to remove the stuck batter.
This new machine makes perfect pizzelles that never stick.
A definite plus in the kitchen to have!.
I love this and make them once a week for the 2 years I have owned it.
They are great and come out perfect - all my Italian friends think they are just like their grandmother's used to make.
I use them for everything from ice cream to bake sales.
Beautiful if you love them like I do.
I used to save pizzelle making for Christmas, but this machine makes it so easy, I now make pizzelles for any special family get-together.
The cookies are crisp and golden brown all over, and friends and family can't get enough of them.
Even if you have never made pizzelle before, with this machine you will have no trouble at all.
These are 3" circles that are really too small for anything except tiny snacks.
Curled into bowls they hold a bit over an ounce (30cc) so whatever dessert you make it'll be tiny.
It would take at least 3-4 to satisfy the average guy, though.
Unless there's some reason you want tiny, I'd go with the 5" pizzelles.
Cantor mentioned that these are mini-pizzelles, because I actually have a use for them and have been looking for an iron like this.
They make GREAT lady locks! Anyone who makes mini-lady locks knows what a.
well, pain in the butt (!!) wrapping those clothespins can be! Wrap these around a dowel rod to form the shell and fill away!.
This was so much fun to make small cones for ice cream and so beautifully decorated that everything came out perfect.
I made all kinds of fillings from creams to puddings and filled them up.
They are beautiful and very nordic in design.
You can even just make cookies and also very pretty, easy to use, nothing to clean, and impressive to show.
The cookies took about 40 seconds to bake and they slide right off with a silicone spatula.
I bought one of these so I could make home-made ice cream cones.
It is super easy to use and when you're finished, the non-stick surface is so good, it looks like you never even used it.
All you have to do is follow the directions and use their recipes (which are very good).
The iron is fast and fairly consitent in producing a nice krumkake.
The only problem I have had is the edges of the krumkake are not well defined.
I used to make my Lukken cookies one at a time with the Lukkenizer over a stove burner.
By chance, I picked up one of these machines and have been making the Belgian Lukken cookie with it since then.
Before, I had to make one at a time and count correctly to get a nicely baked cookie.
Now I can make two at a time.
Lukken must be very, very thin so a Pizzele iron wouldn't do for the purist.
I have used mine for years (doesn't have the non-stick interior) and got a newer one for my sister.
I wouldn't be without one again - just recommended to a friend this morning.
(Lukken is a very rich dough rolled into a ball and then baked to make a round wafer thin cookie that is flat, not formed).
It so easy to use and fast to get good cookies for dessert.
I hadn't made krumkake since I was 1975!  I loved making them again and the maker was GREAT!  It is easy to clean too.
It's true, that many people buy this, and can't figure out how to use it.
I never  forgot the great coffee his little pot made, but I hadn't gotten around to  getting one of my own until recently.
Screw the gasketed top on and put it on the fire.
When you see steam start to come out of the spout,  shut it off and enjoy!The only trouble with this pot is its small size.
It will fill one coffee mug full, so if my wife is home we have to split  the pot.
I know they make larger pots like this, and as soon as Amazon has one, it's  mine!.
Nothing beats this stovetop espresso maker for a good, dark cup of espresso.
If you love espresso then try this little maker.
This is such a wonderful espresso-maker...I've compared stovetop espresso with that made in my relatives' expensive machines, and the Moka pot makes equally delicious coffee.
All I need are good beans, ground very well, and an attentive ear.
At under $20 this Moka pot is definitely the best coffee bargain to be had.
My college friend used to have a similar espresso maker when we were at the dorms...made perfect espresso every time.
When I saw the Villaware 275-06 Moka Express on Amazon.com, I decided to give it a try.
It works fabulous! Espresso tastes better than the $700+ machines.
This is the way espresso was meant to be made-- no fancy gadgets, no fuss, no muss.
Just pour water in the bottom, tightly pack in your grinds, screw the top on and place on the stove.
Why spend more for great espresso or cappachino?.
I really love the simplicity of these espresso makers.Pour water in the bottom, add ground coffee in the middle, put on stove.
5 minutes later the water will have bubbled slowly through the coffee grind and produced one delicious espresso.As easy as it gets.
Works on all kinds of stove tops including camping stoves and even wood fires if needed be.
I admit I do not know how the water from the bottomgets through the coffee in the middle and ends up in the potabove.
But it makes a verydelicious mug of "cafe' serioso".The "Pot" separates from the bottom in the center.
In the bottom is a water well, fill to the line.An aluminum insert goes on top of it.
It's much like a percolaterin the way this insert holds the coffee, with along stem that extends down into the fresh water.
It's quite simple and foolproof.Attach the pot back on, screw it on tightly.
I put it on a 4"burner at 375 degrees, and walk away.
I suggest you toss the first 5 cups.It seasons the pot while allowing you to perfectyour process.
The clean up is a lazy person's dream.
Unscrew it,shake the used grounds into the trash, rinse if desired.
My old...brand name top of the line coffee maker that nevercould make a GOOD cup of coffee is history.
They saynot to use a fine grind because of this.
You can pay much more for a fancy machine, it'snot about money, it's about getting that coffee you want.
I amso glad I opted to try this before buying something complicated,high maintenance and expensive.
This classic design has beenmaking fast and satisfying coffee for generations.
It willno doubt continue to do so.I really give it 4-1/2 stars - not a 5 because I have to dealwith loose grounds.
I made quite a mess the first week untilI got it down.
Now it's absolutely tweaked to my exact specs,and worth the 30 seconds this lazy person needs to shake thegrounds out and rinse it.
Do not expose to heat above 400 degrees F.
That means always pre-heat the oven, and never allow food to burn.2.
Do not contact the nonstick surface with metal, ceramic, or glass.
The chemicals and abrasives will kill both the aluminum and the coating.4.
Do use a few drops of fat when appropriate.
I was without a regular oven for over 3 months while remodeling my kitchen, and learned a lot about toaster oven cooking in that time.
This NordicWare pan works very well for baking half a cake mix at a time.
After 7 mixes (14 uses) and a couple of small lasagnas it's still in great shape.
(I *definitely* didn't use any of those incredibly abrasive Scotch-Brite sponges.)  After reading other reviews I was worried about durability and was extra cautious.
In any event this little pan is still good as new.
Then crumbs and even baked-on cheese will brush off easily without scraping.
I did this several years ago, and haven't needed anything other than a damp sponge to get the crumb flap spotless since.
This NordicWare pan helped get me through it.Recommended.
This is the perfect size pan for my Cuisinart toaster.
Seems to be well made and not too thin, so it should cook items evenly.
It is also a great size for making cornbread.
I plan to buy several in November for stocking presents.
The perfect gift for people who have everything.
This is used nearly weekly to reheat my leftovers.
yes even single folks have left overs too!  What more can I say about it --- nothing!.
Despite a lot of negative reviews I went ahead a purchased this.
I just really needed to replace my current toaster pan that was in there.
It has become all black and smoked when the toaster was on.
I like that this has the grill rack in it because everything will just trip into the pan.
I washed when I first got it but and yes the coating was coming off a bit.
In fact it came chipped a little but it really doesn't matter to me.
If your looking for an easy replacement for a old pan this works.
If your looking for something really nice you should keep looking.
This product works great, but could be about two inches bigger in length and width.
If I was to purchase this product again I would like it to be just a little bit wider for my toaster over.
Bought this about six years ago specifically to bake frozen apptizers in my toaster oven.
I don't heat the oven above 400 deg.
Have had no trouble with the coating coming off.
The rack's only use is to cover damp carpet after I've cleaned up cat barf.
Then no one walks on the spot that's being air dried.
Only 4 stars because the pan is much smaller than most toaster ovens are now.
great little broiler set for my toaster oven:  quick clean-up and no waste of energy.
Though it is a little small for my toaster oven, it nevertheless works great when I only want to cook enough for 2 people.
We love these so much we ordered more.
We are constantly making their small meal in the toaster.....easy and clean well.
Just the right size for 2 to 3 servings.
Can use the bottom for a baking tray so does double duty.
I was amazed at how useful this small baking sheet has become.
I use it in my toaster oven and convection oven.
Since I generally cook for one, the small size is great for holding a single serving of meat, poultry or fish.
When I need bakeware in the future, I shall certainly look for Nordic ware.
As usual for Amazon.com, delivery was prompt and the packaging excellent.
I put a little parchment on it and bake about 4 cookies at a time which I have formed and frozen ahead of time.
Works great and you always can have some freshly-baked cookies without heating up your big oven.
It's better than the pan that came with my toaster oven because it's slightly smaller and completely flat.
It perfectly fits a slice of pizza to reheat.
It can take the heat and washes clean.
Sort of expensive, but a well made quality product.
American made with a super guarantee and the promise of years of service.
Ordered package of two and just as described.
They came fast and were put in use immediately.
We have a under the cabinet toaster over and they are the perfect size for even baking.
I will order them again when we need them.
Ideal for small quantities of anything: cookies, canapes, etc.
So, I love my mini toaster that can toast bread, sandwiches, frozen foods, small pizza, etc.
The problem was that my little oven did not include high quality trays.
Eventually, I had to throw away the beat up tray.
I bought this non-stick tray and it does what it should and was affordable.
Best yet it was actually the size I was expecting.
In the past, I have ordered items off of Amazon and found that the product was not what I expect in size.
I love the size of this baking sheet for cooking for two.
The only problem is my husband put it in the dishwasher, which is not recommended.
Bought this for my new toaster oven and it has a nice weight and did well in my oven.
We use this pan and the one with holes in it (also Nordic Ware) almost daily.
Perfect for one serving of fries or crispy chicken.
The nonstick surface is holding up well to our continued use.
There is a little rust on the bottom but we have had them a while now.
I always wash them by hand and let them air dry.
Not sure how they would hold up in the dishwasher.
This pan is perfect at what it does.
It fits in my toaster easily, and has not experienced any peeling or warping.
Non-stick is easy to use and easy to clean.
Perfect for making small amounts in a toaster oven.
Keep in mind, don't use cooking sprays on it! It'll ruin it.
The manufactuer must have improved the non-stick coating over the years, as most negative reviews are older ones.
It has nice rolled edges to keep it from warping.
It's rather heavy and very sturdy for it size.
I wish I would have bought two instead of just one.
I bought these measuring cups because I find that the plastic ones get scratched and worn.
I've had these cups for almost two years now and never once had a problem with them.
They work well, stand up in the dishwasher well, and easy to store.
As others have noted the handles are separate and look loosely attached, but for me they've always worked well.
My biggest complaint is that sometimes the handles bend a bit in the middle, but it's easy enough to straighten them back out.
Is exactly as advertised and very handy with the pouring indent for liquids.
I would recommend this product for persons that like to bake.
No worries about them melting in the dishwasher either.
In fact, when measuring butter or shortening, I heat them just a little so the contents  slip out easily.
I purchased these Amco stainless steel measuring cups directly from Amazon a few weeks ago, and I am glad I did.
Since losing all of my stuff sometime ago, I have had to start all over again.
I am grateful for a site like Amazon where the selections are always plentiful and the prices awesome.
Always a great selection, I recommend this product to anyone who needs this item but have limited resources with which to purchase.
The wife is trying to go all &#34;stainless steel&#34; in our kitchen, so we threw these into the mix as well.
These steel cups are very nice and sturdy.
I like them a lot and use them every day.
I baked some very complicated muffins the other day and it was my best batch ever.
These cups are great for measuring flour, sugar, etc.
I've recently started baking a lot and these come in real handy.
I stack mine without the loop it came with and hand wash them.
I buy everything and anything that Cooks Illustrated recommends.
When I needed a gift for my friend I knew she needs some quality measuring cups and these were recommended so I bought them.
She is really happy and will probably never have to replace them the rest of her life.
I like the firmness of the stainless steel measuring cups.
We had an older set from another brand and the handle fell off.
These feel a lot more sturdy, yet are thin and lite at the same time.
I like how the have the smooth finish vs the brushed metal that my old ones were.
These are also recommended in the cookbook I received for Christmas called &#34;The Science of Good Cooking&#34;.
Funny enough I purchase these before I received the book, and I can definitely see why they would recommend these.
I was concerned for the price that these measuring cups would be flimsy.
Not the case, they are heavy enough to do the job required and have a nice finish.
These are great, basic measuring cups - nice and sturdy, easy to clean, plus the little spout makes pouring ingredients nice and neat.
FYI, stainless steel cups are more accurate than plastic ones, so if you're choosing between different materials, definitely go for steel!.
Beats the hell out of using a Pyrex cup all the time.
I've been using these measuring cups for approximately 1 month.
They feel sturdy enough, however I can feel a slight "give" with the handle when using for heavier ingredients.
I like the stainless and the simple design.
I have one set of these already, and wanted a second.
We do a lot of baking so a second set comes in very handy.
I didn't think I would buy another set of these again because the first set I bought, the half cup handle came off.
It could have been me because I dropped it.
But then other reviews had the same problem.
I didn't want to spend too much money on something I use infrequently so, I bought a second set of these.
Why? Because I was tired of using the half cup with no handle.
But to my surprised I think Amco have reenforced the handles on these cups and made the handle thicker.
I prefer the weight of stainless steel over plastic.
The accuracy of this 4 piece set of measuring cups is excellent (vs.
Calphalon set), and they are easy to level with a knife.
Only drawback is the lack of 2/3 and 3/4 cups, otherwise they are perfect and well worth the money.
A great gift for any cook or baker...or yourself.
I purchased because they were recommended by Cooks Illustrated.
They are accurate, they wash up nice and easy, they are easy to store and well worth the price.
I have had these for over two years and they work great.
No handles broken off, and they look like new.
I do a lot of bread baking and I needed extra measuring cups.
I use these for basic cooking and baking.
The heaviest foods I've put in them would be apple sauce and peanut butter, and I had no problems so far.
I've owned them for about 6 years and use them about once or twice a month.
I consider them to be basic middle of the road measuring cups.
I see nothing that would indicate this is low quality stainless steel.
It is highly polished and has no pitting.
Or I'd get the kind that have the handles riveted on, like theseAll-Clad Stainless Measuring Cup Set.
I bought a 1/8 cup locally and the 1/8 cup is a flimsy piece of crapola.
The Amco 4-piece Steel Measuring Cup Set is something I use all the time.
They are sturdy and well manufactured and I don't think they will be falling apart very soon.
I bought it as an extra set of measuring cups I can use when cooking, but I now consider this set my main one.
I consider this purchase a good investment and will most certainly purchase other Amco products in the future.
I already owned a set of these measuring cups, and I bought another one to have on hand.
They are very sturdy and easy to handle.
I use my several sets of measuring cups and spoons all the time.
I have a sturdier set that I like better, but then they are quality and were $20.
These are a great value for the money.
They are NOT flimsy!  You could bend them if you wanted to, but they're fairly sturdy.
I don't put mine in the dishwasher, so I don't know if they would rust or how they would fair (fare?) in there.
I love the circle that keeps them together and the fact that you can hang them.
Oh and I like that the handles are long so I don't get my hands in the flour or sugar when I scoop with them.
Very nice set of measuring spoons for the price.
I like stainless steel and they are not flimsy like others I have used.
The spoons are deep and nice to cook with.
My only reserve is because they don't fit into any of my small the jars of spices and the salt shakers that I own.
Like everyone else I've had plenty of measuring spoons.
The one's I've had were either plastic or aluminum.
I would add that the stainless steel cleans up more easily and you aren't afraid to scour them if necessary.
These seem like a great set of measuring spoons.
They're sturdy and have a great smooth surface.
We use this for our supplements and measure out perfectly.
Also a plus that they can be easily removed from the ring with a simple squeeze sideways.
I baked some very complicated muffins the other day and it was my best batch ever.
Simple no flash to design but inexpensive and sturdy does what it is intended to do.
These are well-made spoons, not junky at all, which is always a possibility with cheap, mail-order items of this type.
The steel is heavy-gauge, and all the edges are rounded and safe.
Good value and a good way to &quot;top up&quot; an order.
I got these because they look great and because the measurement is inscribed in the spoons rather then stuck like stickers.
I needed an additional set because I bake a lot.
I got these and I am not displeased.
I assumed with the price that these would be light/aluminum type.
But these are sturdy/heavy & perfect for my baking needs!.
One other problem is that the measurements are a little hard to read.
Why do I like these so much?  Because the other two sets of measuring spoons I currently own are too shallow to hold liquid.
They also seem to be a lot more sturdier.
My other two sets are getting bent out of shape, and I'm afraid they will break in two.
Works well and actually survived the dish washer.
Our old one rusted in the the dish washer.
Now I'm grating stuff just because I can.
The handle is very comfortable for long use.
I like this one because it does not have plastic parts.
Has different size grating areas & food falls in the middle so you can sit it in a bowl & grate away without the mess.
We've washed it in the dishwasher on the top rack.
I own one and has lasted for years.
I went through many different graters but this one has the best stainless steel quality.
My boyfriend loves to cook and he begs me to keep my Amco cheese grater but I'm glad I found it here.
The quality is very high, and I know that I will get years of use out of it.
I use it for mixing my pancake batter every morning.
It cleans up so quickly and easily and always looks so nice.
I can whisk up my egg whites perfectly in this and it cleans up super easily.
Bought these for bread making but they have doubled as popcorn bowls.
One bowl holds one popper from the Whirly Pop.
Very nice well build i like stainless still.
Wish it was a little bigger but solid dish.
i have this bowl and the 5qt size.
many may wonder why pay a bit more $ for these mixing bowls when one can easily find a set for almost the same price.
well, these particular bowls are shaped so that it has fairly high sides for its contents.
not only do the high sides keep everything in the bowl, the wide lip and flat bottom makes the bowl much easier to grip.
throw in the durable brushed-steel finish and you have a winner!.
I have a set of 3 different size Amco mixing bowls and use all of them frequently.
This is the middle-sized one of the three I have and works great for mixing up most box mixes, brownies, etc.
They really hold up well over time (I've had mine for 5 years now) and go through the dishwasher if need be without a problem.
Bought these to use for salads and cake/brownie mixes.
They are a tad large for the prepackaged Fresh Express type salads.
Amco is a commercial line of heavy duty stainless steel products that are used in restaurant and home kitchens.
I have a set of less expensive stainless steel bowls, but I packed them away when I discovered the Amco bowls.
I recommend buying the 5-Quart and 6-Quart sizes too.
There are many times you will want to use one of these bowls instead of using your stand mixer.
For example, chocolate brownie mixes usually recommend 50 stirs by hand.Highly recommended! These bowls are dishwasher-safe, too.
Lightweight, easy to store and clean - dishwasher safe.
Wish they had a full set for cheap!.
I was using pyrex clear glass bowls as a double boiler.
Pot of water with glass bowl on top.
Decided maybe I needed a bowl that would take heat quicker.
Got a 3 and 4 1/2 quart bowls.
The steel is definitely quality, and fairly thick, and the bottom is also flat for a better grip on one's countertop.
I have a few of these bowls and they are great for making anything in the kitchen.
They clean up really well by hand or just put them in the dishwasher.
Buy one or more, you will love them that much!.
For some, I am guessing it may feel a little light, but I prefer the portability of this, and it is definitely not cheap.
Before I had this one (and the same one in another size)  I only had plastic bowls.
This one is so much better on alot of levels.First it is a wonderful, all around great size.
Its substantial size makes it great for alot of mixing chores.
They arent bad for storage either as they nest.
I wouldnt get any other bowls, at this point.
Great value for such a fine product, as all the Amco mixing bowls are the highest quality, and it's the perfect shape.
Sturdy with a half-inch lip makes it easy to hold onto and can be used for anything.
I doubled up on the 4- and 6-qt.
sizes.______________However, if you're measuring, this bowl holds only 3-quarts of liquid volume; which converts to about 2.58-quarts of dry volume.
I bought multiple sizes I liked these so well.
I use them daily and run through dishwasher.
Background:I was looking for a sturdy general duty bowl in the kitchen.
It would be hard to dent this bowl.- Very easy to clean no matter what you are mixing.What I didn't like:- Small.
Like most reviews say, the bowls do not appear to be the advertised size.
This has not happened outside the first use.Conclusion:I love this bowl!  I will be ordering a few more different sizes eventually.
I pitched my cheap plastic bowl after one use of this, its so easy to clean and very rigid.
I have a set of 3 different size Amco mixing bowls and use all of them frequently.
This is the largest one I have and works great for mixing up meatloafs, doughs, large batches of cookies, etc.
They really hold up well over time (I've had mine for 5 years now) and go through the dishwasher if need be without a problem.
Amco is a commercial line of heavy duty stainless steel products that are used in restaurant and home kitchens.
I have a set of less expensive stainless steel bowls, but I packed them away when I discovered the Amco bowls.
Love this bowl, and that's a little strange for me to say about a mixing bowl.
I give this a five star and really think this bowl will outlast me if taken care of.
I like these bowls, I've got the 4.5 quart and a 3 quart.
We have some glass and plastic bowls I'd been using and happy with.
Needed to use a bowl for a double boiler and wasn't happy with the glass ones.
Took to long to come to temperature I felt.Got these 2 bowls and tend to use them more often than the others now.
I like the weight, depth to width ratio and feel they are handy.
I'm not sure where they were made, nothing engraved on the bowl.
Probably was on a sticker I removed.Worked great for a double boiler which was intended use.Recommend.
Bowl is well made, better than the cheap set I got in college at a big box store and still have 30 years later.
This bowl is big enough to make double cookie recipes and pancakes for 8 when we have guest.
I bought this mixing bowl to use for making popcorn.
I got the recipe from Alton Brown, he uses this type of bowl.
Whipped up whip cream in short time (with cold bowl and beaters).
Water spots upon washing, so if you are picky about those things, towel dry well from day 1.
I just moved and I needed a mixing bowl , so far this has lived up to my baking needs this holiday!.
These are much thicker and sturdy than the standard metal mixing bowl I've been using.
I like them so much I bought more sizes.
Deep enough to make mixing easy and less messy.
Its roomy and I like the shape and feel.
Its lightweight but I don't feel it is cheap.
this is one of the best kitchen items I've bought.
If you are thinking about spending a little extra and getting a steel bowl then you will be happy with this one.
Every time I use it, I enjoy not having a plastic bowl spinning away or spilling by tipping over.
Apparently it is a nominal title having little bearing on reality.I highly recommend it.Darin.
And guess what? It works great! The steep bowl walls help keep the popcorn kernels on the bottom where they can heat up and pop.
For the exact recipe go the Food Network:[...].
and a super buy at $9.99 from the 'Friday Sale'.
The same deepness that I like (5-1/2") may prove a little fatiguing to the shorter cook when vigorously stirring or whisking.
This thing is just the ticket for any kind of mixing.
Plenty deep, nice finish, and easy to clean.
Our plastic mixing bowls are always shedding and gouging leading one to wonder where all of those shavings end up?  In the food.
We finally decided to pitch them all one day when I found some plastic shavings after using a mixer.
This was heavy duty nice plastic but it still gouged and cut in the bottom.
I purchased three of them in various sizes and Amazon delivered them right on time as usual in great shape.
I highly recommend replacing your plastic mixing bowls with one of these if you are concerned about where those plastic shavings end up.
After shopping around for a nice-sized, sturdy, stainless steel mixing bowl, I finally decided on this one.
Some are super expensive and some, like this one, are reasonable.
Wish they had more options/sizes in this line as it is also Amazon Prime.
could it be that the bowl is imperial quarts, not us liquid or dry quarts?.
It is great to have around the house just in case you need something large like this.
I can use it for almost everything and thank you for your business.
Great for making large batches, or things that are difficult to mix without spilling over your everyday bowls.
Keeps what you're working on, inside, because there is lots of room.
uh, it may be imperial quarts, not us quarts that explains the difference in size.
I already had the 8-quart bowl and was satisfied with it for beginning the kneading process for dough.
With that size I eventually had to put the dough on the counter for the final kneading.
With the 12-quart size I can do the entire kneading in the bowl and not have the counter to clean when finished.
Plus it's almost large enough for a Saturday night bath.
Way larger than i expected, BUT i didn't read the description thoroughly.
This style cleans much better than the woven mesh type of strainer.
I like to make very large batches of soup.
I begin with the onions and meat diced very small.
Before I'm ready to add vegetables, I half the soup base and freeze one half.
I've found that freezing some vegetables (especially potatoes) makes them mushy.
I love this thing !!  I was surprised at the size when it arrived, but, it turned out to be just perfect.
Will strain a whole batch of noodles, or veggies.
This new Amco is a nicely made strainer/scooper.
I haven't used it to "scoop" pasta from a pan because I rarely cook that much pasta at one time.
I also use it to wash fruit and vegetables.
I was looking for a large colander that had a handle and this one is just fine.
Not too big and not too small but just right.
In any case, the DCG4 grinds coffee quietly and evenly.
The top whole bean container and the bottom ground container both come off easily for washing.
The ground receptacle is tight unlike other grinders, so coffee dust is not flying out all over the place.
March 2, 2009: RIPI know this grinder is not in stock and probably discontinued, but cannot resist adding this final note.
After eight years of use, my spouse noticed this morning that ground coffee was coming out the ventilation opening on the bottom of the machine.
She started shaking the grinder a bit, and more coffee came out.
It appears that a critical seal failed, and now my DeLonghi is hoarding all the grinds for itself.
This affects, slightly, how the container fits into the grinder, but does not seem to affect the operation, which is still as described below.
It ground coffee pretty well but the timer was grossly inaccurate.
This DeLonghi seems to have the same general mechanism, but it does a better job with the core task of grinding.
The grinder itself is much quieter than my previous machine.
there is hardly any motor sound and the grinding itself sounds almost like a chattering buzz.
The manufacturer did a good job of insulating the motor from the housing to reduce noise.
The grinds fall into the hopper at room temperature, as they should from a burr grinder.
I purchased this grinder longer ago than I care to remember -- well over 5 years ago.
And the toast turns out absolutely perfect!It is a machine we are proud to have in our kitchen.
bought it as a gift, they loved it, said it is one gadget that WORKS.Fast service.
It does a great job on small quantities of food, which is perfect for me, because there are just two of us.
I have an older model that I have had for about 8 years, and it is still going strong.
I have fried calamari, fish for tacos, mushrooms, and even cheese sticks in it to great results.
So, why 4 stars? Because it is pretty low capacity.
Doing fries for a neighborhood party, I had to do many batches, and keep them warm in the oven.
It was a bit of a pain, but I don't often have a reason to have a larger-capacity fryer.
The fryer is well built with several improvements over the last DeLonghi that I owned.
It has a built in timer and an easy drain spout.
The temperature will heat to 370 degrees F which is about 20 degrees hotter than most deep fryers.
We've used other kitchen items manufactured by DeLonghi in the past and were very well pleased.
I've never owned a deep fryer, never even been near a deep fryer.
Mom always cooked things in as healthy manner as possible.
And I think even SHE would like this product! After reading many reviews, I bought one.
My first foray was making my very first batch of homemade fried chicken.
I borrowed tips and ingredients from various sources, created a wet mixture and dry flour mixture.
It was UNBELIEVABLE!!! The fryer really is extremely easy to use and, just as nice, very easy to clean when the fried chicken-fest was over.
The draining system is brilliant with the oil filter and container with the built-in holder and splash guard on the filter.
It really seemed to retain very little grease.
Yet the chicken was very crispy and very juicy.
I've been using it about two months with regluarity and have been very satisfied.
Strudy and reliable.Uses much less oil than conventiional deep fryers due to rotarting the food through the oil as it cooks.
Easy once,  you do it once, and a tidy way for handling the oil.
I like to filter in the lid too...keeps the kitchen from smelling forever of fried foods.
I have had this fryer for over one year.
The basket broke on the first one but it was replaced free of charge by the store.
The fryer is easy to clean and produces top quality results.
The only con is the price but I still think it is well worth the money.
The basket rotates to keep food circulating, so it doesn't become one lump of a mess.
I fried chicken breast using Washington brand Chicken breading.
It was great! I can't wait to try seafood.
This is so much easier than draining the oil thru a paper towel and funnel like I did on my old open fryer.
No odor or splatter to deal with either.
Because of the smaller basket, you will have to do couple of batches.
I haven't had a deep fryer in many years.
It is very easy to use and even easier to clean the interior section.
I found that I can fry things quickly and they don't come out greasy as the one I had years ago did.
Biggest surprise was that there was absolutely no smell and no grease splatter.
I fried a dinner-sized batch of chicken tenders and still no smell.
Took a few tries to time it right, the suggestions aren't terribly accurate.
It took multiple batches to fry it completely, again the suggested times/size of batch didn't quite work for me.
My biggest complaint is that I cannot clean the drain "hose" completely.
I feel that I'm leaving a small amount of old, dirty oil in the drain hose.
Tried using the implement that came with the fryer with no success.
Not a huge deal, but one that does concern me.
The basket rotating actually fries food more evenly and definitely faster.
The fryer works fantastic and I only have one complaint.
There is an area on the rear of the fryer that collects oil and is difficult to clean.
Imagine opening the lid and having all the moisture run to the back hinge of the lid.
The oil that collects doesn't get into the rear hinge, but it collects in a small crevice that should be easier to clean.
It's a small nuicance though since the fryer really works great; it wouldn't prevent me from purchasing it again.
However, this is easily worked around with one of two methods...1.
This may sound a little dangerous, but if you're gentle, it's no problem at all.
Emeril uses this method all the time on his show when he is frying a battered item.
I've done it many, many times and have never had a problem, and I batter A LOT of foods.
Now, with this process they will still stick to the wire basket as he mentions, but it is MUCH less.
Once the item is in the oil you can use steel tongs to move it a bit to keep it from sticking.
As long as you do this in the first few seconds, it won't stick at all and the rest of the frying goes flawlessly.
If it sounds hard or like a lot of work, it isn't; it's actually quite easy.
The other method that I've used a lot is to not use the basket at all.
I am able to fry a medium onion that is battered, but it is a tight fit.
In order to get the onion out, I use an "All-Clad Stainless Skimmer" that I bought here on Amazon.
If you've never purchased large quantities of oil in the grocery store, look to see the prices...it tends to get expensive very quickly.
Before I purchased this fryer, I read the reviews about it saving oil and how great that was.
I really does save A LOT of oil.
The fryer still performs flawlessly, and it continues to see a lot of use.
It's really a well-built unit, unlike some of the less-expensive models I've seen.
I had some friends that wanted to buy a fryer after they saw what things I was able to cook in mine.
They didn't want to pay the price for this fryer, so instead they purchased a less-expensive model.
Well, the one they ended up getting was less money, but it broke after about 18 months;  they are now on their second fryer.
I bought this specifically to make Tapioca Pudding.
Years ago, my husbands grandmother always made a double batch and it came out beautifully.
So..................I was thinking of her and found this one on Amazon and I do love it.
This double boiler is an excellent value and thankfully, 100 percent stainless steel.
It arrived promptly, was very reasonably priced, and is easy to clean.
I purchased this to make a cheese sauce that I didn't have to watch over while cooking dinner.
Found that I use it more than I thought I would.
Overall I feel as though I got much more value than I expected.
I used this to melt chocolate and butter for a chocolate cake recipe.
The top pan is not large it's 2 quart, worked nicely the steam from the bottom pot did not get into the chocolate.
Works really well and looks very good too.
I was actually surprised at how well made they are.
I love Farberware and this double boiler is a great addition to any cookware you may have.
I use mine for making puddings and sauces.
The food doen't get burnt and neither do my hands!  Would recommend to all good cooks.
Since then, I've been using it to make brownies, and I love it.
My only complaint is the lip around the middle of the top pan: it tends to collect the melted chocolate.
Not nearly a deal-breaker, just an observation.It's stainless, cleans easily, and looks nice.
The bottom pan has a heavy bottom, which I didn't expect.
If the size works for you, I can't think of a reason to buy a more expensive model.
I have used it melt wax, chocolate and to make icing.
My mom cooked on Farberware starting in the early '40s, and so do we.
A great double boiler for melting chocolate or what have you for those of us who are not fond of the microwave.
I also have used the bottom as a sauce pan, although it is not non-stick so I am selective about what I use it for.
I haven't had a double boiler in ages and am so glad I finally purchased one from Amazon.
Some probably use their double boilers as an alternative pan to cook in, but I don't.
I use it strickly as a double boiler and I own a microwave too.
In my opinion, you can't go wrong with Farberware products and you won't have to sell the family jewels to own a whole set either!.
So excited to get this double boiler I changed the evening dessert menu to homemade chocolate sauce over homemade ice cream! Cleanup was EASY!.
I expect this size will be perfect for a family of up to 4 people.
Ordered 2 of these, one for me and one for my friend.
We have just started making homemade chocolate candies and these are perfect.
One for milk chocolate and one for dark chocolate.
Chose Farberware because I have used Farberware pots and pans for years, as did my mother and grandmother.
I like Faberware.I bought this to complete my own set of pots and pans.Faberware is a great brand!.
My double boiler went missing, and I was glad to find this one available on Prime.
Yes, it is more expensive than some (about $30), but it is Farberware and you get what you pay for.
I saw some reviews that complained about capacity being small, but the upper pot holds 3 cups liquid (or an entire 20 oz.
package of almond bark) at the midline - plenty of room to avoid overflow.
I would have wanted a thicker seal between the pans, but haven't had any problems with it and it gets the job done.
i was toggling between this size a larger one, but this is the right size.
My steamer basket fits perfectly in the bottom.
Farberware is always my choice of cookware -- well made, lasts forever, and always looks nice because it is stainless steel.
This double boiler comes in handy and matches perfectly with my existing Farberware pots that I have had for many years.
I like that their design style is consistent.
Over 30 years ago hubby dearest bought me the Farberware Classic double boiler and I've been using it for all these years.
The double boiler works great and has held up through the test of time.
One of my favorite uses for this pan is making bread pudding.
Yes, you can make bread pudding using the double boiler insert.
I found the recipe in theScandinavian home cookingcookbook.Recommend.
Farberware is a wonderful brand, in my humble opinion.
This product is a good example of the classic quality I always expect from them.
It's difficult to find a traditional double boiler these days and I'd been frustrated "making do" with makeshift configurations of one pot stuck in another.
Nothing was any good!  So I'm thrilled with my purchase.
It's heavy duty, has a beautiful finish, cleans up easily, and everything fits together perfectly.
I had been shopping all over looking for a double boiler.
Not until I went on Amazon did I find what I wanted.
It is excellent and the price was right.
I made cashew turtles and could never find a double boiler.
I didn't think it was going to be as good but serve it's purpose.
It is the perfect size for my needs.
The pots are thin, but not cheap feeling.
It is great quality and the design is great.
Very simple and both pots are functional on their own as well.
I love these Pots and Pans from Farberware.
I was looking for a simple double boiler for occasional items, this fits well and works well enough for how often I use it.
Not quite as heavy as expected, but since it's not one of my primary pieces, not too worried about it.
What would life be without a double boiler? We have no microwave, and this handy item is wonderful for reheating left overs.
I have had a Farberware double boiler since the late 60s.
Though light weight it does exactly what I need it for, filings and making frosting.
My sister wanted a double boiler for years but she wanted a Farberware one because of its excellent quality.
The price was right and the seller excellent.
This is a nice little pot for the price- used it for the first time this last weekend.
I replaced my 45 year old double boiler given to me used by my Mom years ago.
It was time!!  This is the perfect size for me as I cook only for two people.
Perfect for my Hollandaise and Bernaise sauces!  Love it!.
Positive: Different attachments are useful for different types of slicing.
I use it most often for cutting onions.
Having the attached bowl is great.Negative:  Some other slicers have adjustable blades.
You get a choice of thick or thin slices, depending on which attachment you use.
I have sliced my finger more than once tugging on the blade.Overall, I'm very happy with this item, especially for the price.
You'll be a little bit amazed when you first get cutting with this thing.
The blade glides so fast you'll feel like your performing for an infomercial.
I made a sweet potato into potato chips in about 45 seconds --  no joke.
Lastly,  very easly to clean (I should say rinse).
My only gripe is that I would  have liked some recipies to go with it.
It's a little difficult to change inserts in the slicer, but once you've got the right one in, slicing is quick and easy.
Never, never again will I slice vegetables or fruit by hand.
I've wanted a mandoline for ages, but haven't been able to affort the $200 for the ones in my cooking catalogs.
This one is a definite plus for my kitchen.
I can make scalloped potatoes in minutes (minus the oven time, of course), as well as various marinated vegetable dishes.
The blade has plastic tabs in the bottom which hold it in place.
Push up on the tabs, and the blade comes loose.
I have found that the thick slicer is fairly thin, and I never use the thin slicer.
In the meantime, though, this is a handy new gadget for my collection.
I found this item to be quite useful.
It greatly reduces the time to cut up hard vegetables for making soups and such.
While I've been able to slice green peppers, the amount of finagling needed to slice up a large pepper makes cutting it by hand easier.
Especially when trying to used the french fry or julienne blades.
I used the 1/4&quot; blade for the potatoes and will use the 1/8&quot; blade when I make my French onion soup gratinee.
It's something I've been looking for for a long, long time.
If you get this tool, I think you can figure that out.
I also was struggling with it until my neigbor easily removed the blade just by changing the position of the hands while gripping and pulling.
The bowl is a heavy gauge SS and holds a good quantity of food.
This mandoline is great!  I've wanted a mandoline for sometime but they always seemed much too costly.
(Most I priced at $100+)  So when I happened upon this mandoline I jumped at the opportunity.
I must admit, the  previous reviewers suggestion of fresh made potato chips was rather  enticing...and are they ever yummy.
This slicer has become one of my favorite kitchen tools.
There are 4 blades to help you make thick slices, thin slices, french-fry cuts and waffle cuts.
This is a steal!  Flat French-style mandolines are priced at $150 and up, and don't do half the tricks of this baby!.
Really this Mandoline isn't the best of all the Mandoline's out there - I'm sure of it.
However, for [the price] you get a decent one that works for most of the cooks out there.
It cleaned up easily and I like the lid for the bowl, it's a nice touch.
Please be careful when using this - ALWAYS USE THE SAFETY HOLDER!.
I purchased this as a Christmas present for my mom in December of 2005.
She's an old Polish lady who loves to cook, but hates busting and scraping her knuckles while she's doing it.
(Maybe I'll get one for my own use one of these days.
I chose this model because: 1.) It is inexpensive.
2.) ENCLOSED CUTTING SURFACE - This is a nice departure from other guillotine-style mandolines.
Since the blade is mostly enclosed in plastic, it makes this slicer much safer than other models.
3.) CLEANING EASE - The bowl may be put in the dishwasher.
The rest can easily be cleaned by hand.
5.) VARIETY OF SLICES - This kit gives you several blades, so you an try a bunch of different cuts.
(Note: This is wonderful for making homemade potato chips.) 6.) EXCELLENT VALUE - I've seen other slicers cost more than $100.
For an amateur chef, this is a fun, handy tool.Why didn't it get the &quot;5&quot;?: I had a difficult time making uniform slices.
During my first few attempts, the slices came out a variety of different thicknesses.
Admittedly, this may have less to do with the device and more to do with my technique.
The blades on this mandoline are very sharp.
It is very easy to cut yourself while trying to put the blades onto the holder, and especially while trying to get the blades off.
The mandoline slices well, but I lost a fair amount of vegetables because the holder prevents you from slicing the last part of the vegetable.
I can't begin to describe how worthwhile a piece of equipment this is.
The bowl component is my number 1 favorite feature of this little guy, but it just plain works really well.
I've been through several cheap mandolines, certain that there had to be an alternative to the $100+ models I see in fancy cooks' catalogs.
The inclusion of a stainless steel bowl to catch and even store (with the plastic lid) the slices you make is a wonderful addition.
This is not the most incredible tool I've used in the kitchen -- but it is, without exception, far better than the price would indicate.
It does what it is supposed to do, is easy to use and easy to clean.
I didn't even have to read the directions to figure out how to insert a cutting blade.
Sleek, easy to hold in your hand, it has a wide peelimg blade,which effortlessly peels large sections at a time{when cooking for 7, this helps}.
It is clean[no knuckles nicked},very efficient,easy to hold, easy to clean,lightwieght,and nice to look at.
What can I say that hasn't been said? It does a great job of peeling, and it doesn't hurt my hand.
I always ate my veggies with the skins because it hurt too much to peel them (carpal tunnel syndrome).
This is fine as vegetable peelers go, but the blade isn't as sharp as I would have preferred.
This is a handly sharpener for all knives and is one of the best non electric ones.
It is easy to hold and does a good job on all the knives I have tried on it.
Even for a quick touch-up it works well.
I picked one of these up based strictly on price.
I have a couple Santuko (sp?) knives I bought in the past year and it brought these right back into like-new condition.
In just a few minutes, and with no effort whatsoever, The knife was sharpened up nicely.
It did the classic 'slice-though-the-sheet-of-white-paper' action with ease.
I recommend this for the average home chef just looking to put that nice edge back on your knives.
I am very happy with it and am so glad I didn't waste lots more money getting a more expensive sharpener.
Nothing fancy, just well priced and well made.
Highly recommend if you need a knife sharpener.
This sharpened my very dull kitchen knives and was very easy to use.
The design makes it stable, a good characteristic when you're drawing a knife over the sharpening stones.
This is a big pin and it doesn't fit well into drawers.
However, it gets the job done and it's well made.
I noticed this type of rolling pin being used on several cooking shows and decided to give it a try.
I just love it and gave my old handled pin to Good Will!  Very comfortable to use and lightweight as well.
Love my Vic rolling pins, couldn't ask for better value and price.
Oil it occasionally and it will keep you happy.
Purchased this item for two of my daughters for Christmas who had horrible rolling pins and always borrowed mine.
I saw a rolling pin like this being used on the Julia Child Master Chefs series, used to make puff pastry.
Just a rolling pin won't solve the problems, but this pin really made it easier: good control, just the right size and weight.
Great for pounding dough or butter with a vengeance!  Good, even thickness that makes it easier to get a consistent thickness in the dough.
Feels good under the hands.Also works great for pie pastry, pasta, anything I've tried.Great product.
Nothing flashy, no gadgetry, just a tried and true cooking tool.
What else can be said?  As a rolling pin, it works great, though it looks more like a billy club.
And from a maker of drumsticks, no less.
By the way, I stand by my 5 stars because it works wonderfully as a rolling pin.
I have used this many times, but can't seem to roll as well without handles.
That doesn't reflect on the quality of this pin, however.
The grain is extremely smooth and the wood is beautiful.
It's a good size for rolling out cookie dough and pie crusts, although my lack of counter space sometimes makes it awkward.
Other than that, the balance is excellent and makes rolling out bread dough a snap.
I would buy it again, but I expect this one to last.
I love it.The wood is also high quality and gorgeous.
Be aware, though, that I am not a person who prefers form over function.
If it was merely a lovely piece of wood with mediocre results, I wouldn't use it.
It's a highly functional, perfectly designed pin that happens to also be made of nice wood.
In terms of storage, I'd just make sure that you have a drawer that is long enough.
If you do, making this pin fit is simple.
I use this pin for rolling out pie crusts.
Granted you can use it for more then pie crusts, for me this is more comfortable to use and get the desired thickness.
The shape itself kind of helps in rolling dough out into a circle.
I also bought the other maple pin by Firth w/o handles and use it for all other doughs; biscuits, cinnamon rolls, cookie dough etc.
Both are great to use and the cost is reasonable enough to own both!!.
Love my Vic rolling pins, couldn't ask for better value and price.
Oil it occasioanlly and it will keep you happy.
I've been looking for a basic french rolling pin and this was the answer.
Small and light, unlike my heavy, old rolling pin with metal in the center that kept rusting.Perfect for my pie crusts!.
This is a great rolling pin - a great size, high quality wood, very well made.
I love it and won't use anything else.
It is very light weight, holds flour well, and glides across dough allowing for shaping without battering of the dough.
I have never been able to get my pizza, pita or tortilla rounds perfect before but with this rolling pin it is a breeze.
Why didn't I find this pin years ago?Highly recommended.
The French rolling pin is definitely superior to the old standard pins with handles.
It is easier to manipulate and roll around freely.
The Vic Firth French Rolling Pin is small, lightweight and easy to handle.
It is probably best suited for a small person with small hands.Most pastry should be rolled with a light, but increasingly heavy, touch.
This rolling pin allows that control, but the light weight requires more arm pressure to the finished product.
For some, that could be a bit tiring.I like this pin and will keep it.
But I would prefer that it be slightly thicker and heavier.
The other reviewers are quite right that this pin will get your pie dough smooth and round without all the fuss you are accustomed to.
This beauty gets it done with speed, dignity, and a touch of sass.
This rolling pin is much better than the traditional large cylinder type.
It is lighter and allows for more even rolling of the dough due to the shape.
With the middle being thicker, it helps to push the dough out toward the edges and the tapered ends even out the thickness.
Nice size, feels sturdy in the hands and rolls out dough easily and quickly!  Great produce at the price!.
This is a tremendous rolling pin for a great price--buy it!!.
My only complaint would be that I think it is a bit too long.
This rolling pin is a great addition to my baking tools.
It makes rolling out pie dough a snap.
It is so easy to maneuver and gives you better control than a standard rolling pin.
Some reviewers complain about the taper beginning at the center, but that is NOT a fault, merely the nature of this style pin.
You do need to understand the appropriate uses of the various kinds of rolling pins available to any baker.
Different dough characteristics and different end products call for different weights and styles of pin.
In truth, the serious baker will have different pins to select from.
This is a nice one to fill the spot it's designed to fill.
I can easily manipulate it and get the thickness I desire from my doughs.
It is just what it looks like, a shaped piece of wood, but it does a great job in rolling out pie crusts, pastries, etc.
Not sure why Amazon decided to send it in a HUGE box, though.
Purchased this rolling pin for my  husband who makes pies.
This rolling pin makes it much  easier to roll out crusts.
It must be the tapered ends, but it did make rolling easier.
This simple style of rolling pin is my favorite.
I just used my pin for the first time to roll out my sugar cookies.
It worked wonderfully.It is light weight but made very well.
After reading a review from America's test kitchen on French rolling pins I knew I had to buy one.
It's easy to store and looks pretty cool.
you can maneuver it well even if your just starting out in baking.
This is a simple, easy/comfortable to use rolling pin that works better than the American ones I've had.
The wood is nice and smooth, it feels good in my hands.
I hadn't either but decided to try one.
Seems to me it's much easier to control than the old fashioned roller-with-handles like grandma had.
I actually don't even use grandma's anymore after buying this.
I believe this company's other claim to fame is the manufacture of wooden drum sticks.
When I have the time (and the patience) I am going to test this $9 pin against my $44 silicone pin.
Sweaty palms will force you to adjust the salt in your recipe.
This rolling pin makes baking cookies and pies a breeze!! It glides easily and isn't heavy like the old fashioned rolling pins.
Plus, it makes a great weapon against sneaky husbands that try to sneak off with the warm cookies.
The Wood is good quality and has a smooth surface.
After applying a light dusting of flour to the rolling pin, I was able to roll the dough with ease and no sticking.
If you have never used this type of rolling pin before it might take a little practice.
After a few tries I was able to develop a method that is working well for me.
I use it a lot for rolling out tortillas, pizza dough and pie crust.
I find circles difficult to make with a straight pin and seem to be having better luck with this tapered pin.
Nice smooth finish and a perfect size for home use.
This is my husband's favorite rolling pin!  It is so easy to use and is very high quality compared to others I have seen.
I usually have a ton of problems with dough sticking to my rolling pin, but not with this one.
It would make a great gift for someone who loves to bake as well.
This certainly is a novel item! We gave it as a gift to a friend who is not only a musician but a gourmet cook.
For some reason, this tapered rolling pin excels at rolling out pastry dough.
It is light wieght, which helps with getting tired hands.
Somehow the shape of this one helps me obtain a uniform thickness and shape.
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THE QUALITY OF THIS INEXPENSIVE ROLLING PIN.
I WAS SURPRISED, THOUGH, TO SEE THAT THE DIAMETER OF THE ROLLING PIN WAS SO MUCH SMALLER THAN MY TRADITIONAL ROLLING PIN WITH HANDLES.
I HAVE YET TO USE THE PIN, BUT I'M CONCERNED THAT THE DIAMETER MIGHT MAKE FOR MORE WORK.
works very well and tooks some getting use to since I have always used a standard rolling pin.
no problems with the dough sticking to the pin (unless I go mad with the liquid), and so easy to clean and maintain.
It's the perfect size, light weight, not too big around so it rolls out very well.
I just used it to make homemade pasta and it was an excellent tool.
This is the only kind of roller to use, all others are inferior.
I've been baking and using roller pins for 30 years.
Very easy to roll out the dough.In my opinion its much better than than the traditional rolling pin.
I have always had difficulty using traditional rolling pins to get my dough evenly rolled out, but find this style easier to work with.
Sometime you just have to get back to the basics.
Sometimes, it's the simplest design that works the best.
Sometimes, all those fancy, additional features offered are just not worth it.I think that this is the perfect example.
This rolling pin is so simple, so basic - yet so perfect.
It's light, beautiful, easy to clean, easy to store, not big and bulky.
I think that it is absolutely perfect and I cannot find any faults to it.
There are a lot of options when it comes to rolling pins and now they even make silicone ones that won't stick to the dough.
I think those are excellent products as well.
Maybe because making bread items is so basic and so traditional...so the wood in this case just "fits" into the whole feel better.
If I were to splurge though, I'd have both in my kitchen...even though I see no need for two pins - I did say "splurge".
I am a latte and espresso enthusiast and I must say that it makes wondeful espresso and lattes.
Espressos have wonderful creama and the machine has enough power to drive production through Turkish ground beans-even tightly tamped.
The steaming nozzles works great for making lattes and cappacinos.
This machine doesn't even need to have the cups and filter preheated to produce a hot espresso/latte.
The steam nozzle is removeable for cleaning which is a plus.
If you are looking for a reasonable price and good quality-this is the machine for you.
It took me some time early on to understand the key to making good espresso primarily lies with the grind.
I've had no issues with the pump or frothing system, and the brewing produces a beautiful creme on the top.
I played with a variety of grinds and now have a suitable grind for the Briel.
It is wonderful.Update as of 2011:  I've finally de-mineralized the unit and it is still working absolutely perfect.
You will have a much more uniform grind.......it is needed for any espresso machine.
watery espresso left in holder that slops everywhere, leak from around the seal when making a shot, etc.
When you figure out not to do these things, which isn't hard at all, then it makes beautiful, wonderful espresso with perfect crema.
The frother so far has been really good.
I guess it could swing out further from the machine, but it is really powerful.
The water tank is a good size and it really does look good in the kitchen.
I often forget this and burn my espresso.
Every part of the espresso maker is working wonderfully.
I am very satisfied with the product and would encourage others to purchase it as well.
First, to expose my bias -- I am a purist and love traditional Italian espresso, without any &quot;Americano&quot; bastardization.
This machine brews an outstanding Italian-style espresso, with some of the best crema I've ever had either side of the Atlantic.
The temperature is just right; my previous German-brand machines didn't get the water hot enough.
It is delightfully simple and straightforward to use.
The price is a true bargain.The Chamonix, however, is not perfect.
I join the chorus of complaints regarding the deceiving label claiming an instructional video was enclosed.
I suppose any unit in this price range will be similarly constructed.
The Chamonix drips as much as any of the other units I've owned.The Auto Espresso Flow doesn't impress me.
It's difficult to gauge just how much water is going to be delivered.
This required a lot of hit and miss brewing.
I don't feel it provides any real benefit.
I'd rather switch off the flow of water when I say so.
Fortunately, this is an option.The &quot;turbo-jet&quot; frother was equally unimpressive.
I've never owned an espresso machine that really made frothing easy.
I note that the owner's manual mentions an optional Quick Froth Cappuccino accessory.
If you intend to froth much, you might want to check the accessory out.
Fortunately for me, I usually just brew straight espresso.
I found the frother's nozzle to be difficult to remove for cleaning, and poorly made.
But the Chamonix delivers where it counts -- in your demitasse cup!.
My Chamonix just turned 18 months, and it still functions like new.
Every time I clean the basket, I wonder if the taste is being compromised by not being able to clean that filter.
What I do now is pour hot soapy water into the basket and let it drain completely.
I repeat this once or twice between cups and then rinse it well with very hot water.
I'm suprised how much cleaner it gets.My biggest complaint is how finicky the machine is about tamping.
This was a terrific appliance as long as it lasted, roughly twelve years, and for the time it was in service it gave total satisfaction.
The espresso produced is rich with a lovely crema, the frothing wand gives an excellent milk froth and is easy to clean.
The ravages of time and consistent use have taken their toll apparently and sufficient pressure to work the machine has been lost.
It seems now the company has dissolved, been sold, or changed names as they are unreachable for repairs.
This tool is a must-have for the home baker.
It fits easily in the hand, is very sturdy, and cleans easily as well.
Don't be fooled into thinking that it's flimsy.
I've had the same one for years, and it has held up well with much use.
I decided to purchase this gadget after seeing a professional chef who appears nightly on FoodTV.
Since then I have found many other uses for it and am thrilled with the purchase.
It has a lot of surface area for scraping or gathering chopped foods.
The handle is nice and fat without being cumbersome.
This is not an overly sharp tool so don't expect it to cut like a good knife.
It cuts pastry dough and soft, thin foods nicely and is great for scraping your dough board.
I keep coming up with new uses for it so I'll probably end up buying another one soon.
This item larger and heftier than it appears.
Not at all like those el-cheapo metal hand choppers or the lightweight plastic scrapers for bread dough.
The tubular handle is &quot;fat&quot; and gives a safe, easy grip.
The flat scoops up a surprisingly large amount of choppings or scrapes any cutting board clean with ease and efficiency.
Breaks up ground meats as they cook; serves scrambled eggs nicely; etc etc (be creative!).
I am very happy with my new kitchen toy.
I haven't tried to chop anything with this yet - I don't even know if it is sharp enough.
But, I bought this for scraping up vegies.
I have always found it annoying that when you cut up a large amount of celery, carrots, onions etc.
that there is no good way to get it from the cutting board to the pan easily.
You can pick up a large amount of vegies for transfer.
I have a Mario Malto silicone scraper, but this one is much better.
This thing is versatile, not just for baking.For the cheap price of this thing, no kitchen should be without.
I love my wood pastry board and use it frequently.
The size-measurements are easy to read and it's so handy to have them right on the board.
The wood is beautiful and I get many compliments when people see the board on my counter.
All I had to do was put a thick cotton placemat under the board and it does not slide at all.
I am delighted with this board and am so looking forward to making Christmas cookies on it!!.
Although it is very large, it will probably find a permanent home on your kitchen counter since it is multi-functional.
First, there is a basic recipe on the board for plain pastry.
It is made of solid wood that is of the highest quality; it is worth every penny.
This demanding cook could not be more pleased.
As advertised, this is a pastry board: it is *not* a cutting board.
It has no grooves, and is not end-cut (so will tend to warp if it gets a lot of liquid on it over time).
I love having the edge measurements as well as the circular measurments.
After use, it cleans up very nicely, and a coat of mineral oil makes it look like a million dollars.
My board is 23 inches by 24 inches and is 1.25 inches thick.
My husband put a top edge and bottom edge on the board so that it would not ride on the table.
It is very sturdy,  smooth,  and of course heavy.
I am thinking of buying this smaller one to take with me when I roll dough at the fire hall.
Scrape off the excess dough, and then gently wash it down with a damp towel and immediately dry it off.
Take care of your board and it will last a lifetime.
My mom had a goose wing feather duster to get excess flour out of the grooves.
I need to have it professionally sanded down a smidgeon to fit in the slide in opening.
I may even try sanding or using a plane to narrow it down to fit.
I am teaching my son to cook/bake and this turned out to be one of my best purchases.
He was able to easily roll out dough for cinnamon rolls.
They look professional and he was very proud! I have used this to roll out the perfect size for pizza too.
it feels very solid, and i'm really enjoying it!.
Nicely made, nice wood and works as expected.
The packing was excellent as was the delivery time.
Just the right size for pastry or bread.
I'd like to first correct the popular but old April 1, 2001 review.
This board no longer has grooves on the other side; it's just a smooth surface, but that's still very usable.
Lastly, my board had a small .5cm splinter off to the side that my scraper got caught on.
nice solid maple board with all the normal pastry lines.
great for slicing dinner one one side and rolling out dessert on the other.
I just ordered one of these to replace the one I have.
I checked my previous orders, and I ordered the one I have now in 2006.
Six years of constant use, and the board is still in great shape.
I use cutting mats over it when I'm prepping.
The reason I'm ordering a new one is purely esthetic.
The plastic coated metal bars are starting to rust.
I trimmed off about 3/4" off one side, then had to cut another 3/4" off each end of one wire.
It fits perfectly now, but unless you have the tools to modify it, be sure you have a sink wider than 14".
I had to remove a star because of this design flaw.
Been looking for this type of board for several years.
Finally looked where I should have started, Amazon! Excellent board with great color after mineral oil treatment.
For the price you cannot beat this over the sink unit.
The maximum extension this way might reach 20 inches, instead of the 14 inches of the board itself.
The KEY with these boards is to NEVER EXPOSE THEM TO WATER.
We much prefer to buy USA made products and that is what CATSKILL IS....MADE IN THE GOOD OLE USA!.
I have used this cutting board on an almost daily basis for about 2 years without any problems.
It is one of the showcase items in my kitchen as it is a very beautiful piece.
I also dry the board after each clean & rinse.
While the manufacturer recommends a monthly oiling, I do this at least weekly instead.
Some reviewers have had a problem with side splitting.
I have not experienced this issue, maybe because I also oil the board sides (including the finger grooves) whenever I oil the cutting surface.
You'll pass this one on to your grandchildren.
I love a cutting board that carries some weight.
This is an extremely stable board when set on a damp towel.
I will agree with other reviews that the weight due to the thickness makes it cumbersome.
I do not use it as much as my smaller and considerably cheaper boards.
It tends to stay in the corner with needed chef supplies on it.
And what a spectacular gift for newly weds or as a housewarming.
This is the replacement board that we got with absolutely NO hassle from Catskill.
The first one split and cracked almost from the beginning despite faithful oiling and pristine care.
I have analyzed this board very close and I do not detect any cracks in the board.
The oil soaks in within minutes of applying and almost appears rough in texture -- but it does appear to be durable.
I am hoping that this Catskill will continue to perform, but probably wouldn't buy another one, ONLY because I like teak better.
I am giving it 5 stars because Catskill is a company that will stand behind its products.
Also, this replacement board is heavy, durable and appears to be staying together fine.
UPDATE May 2014 - still going strong with no problems.
This way I can use the space for other things.I coated my block multiple times before using it.
I cut only vegetables/fruits on it, such as lettuce, carrots, mushrooms, broccoli, potatoes, etc.
As for tomatoes, onions and other juicy vegetables/fruits, I dry the board off quickly after any cutting.
Using this block is a pleasure, and for 11 years in the restaurant business, this is a reminder of my past.
This is a really well made cutting board and should last a lifetime.
I wanted to respond to problems mentioned by some purchasers regarding cracks and splitting of their butcher block cutting boards.
It is problematic because wood cells run longitudinally parallel to the trunks long dimension.
Thus the long dimension of these wood cells wind up being perpendicular to the cutting surface.
These cells are what transport water and nutrients up the trunk over time in successive layers.
Essentially they act as straws that suck in moisture.
This is the core of cracking problems in blocks like this.
Wood moves with changes in water content.So, lots of exposed end grain, lot's opportunity to absorb water.
Lots of glue joints, lots of opportunity for joint failure due to internal movement caused by moisture absorption increase the risk of failure.
I kind of thought this was not a good way to ship something that was going to be sitting for days in hot trucks.
Keep a bottle with your olive oil and other cooking oils and use it on both sides of  your board frequently.
This will minimize problems, but not necessarily prevent all of them in my view.
When it moves, it generates stresses within the wood.
Those stresses cause cracks and joint failure over time.
It takes up no space in a drawer, but I whip it out whenever I'm cutting up foods.
It came in a padded envelope and I wondered what on earth I'd gotten.
Well, it's very, very thin, and I can only hope it's safe to cut on.
Wish I'd gotten one size bigger but don't want the hassle of exchange.
I'll be happy if it works, easy to clean and won't take up much room.
I don't have a food processor but saw a new way to chop using a knife like I have, the way real chefs do it.
I washed it up and cut up a bunch of stuff on it.
Didn't seem to phase it although it's the size of a piece of copy paper and maybe thick as card stock, stuff scatters around it.
Well, what did I expect?  I expected something about 1/4 inch thick.
I have larger flexible cutting boards but I wanted something smaller for when I only have a few things that need chopped.
It is also easier to store because it doesn't take up much room in the drawer.
I could not work without these great cutting boards.
They come in handy for so many little jobs.
I have a huge Boos Board,but I hate to get cut marks in it, so I reach for these every time.
Packaging came slightly dented but the mesh popped right out no problem.
The clasp which keeps the ball closed is a bit stiff, haven't had this product long, not sure if it will get bad with age.
Great teaball for one or two cups of tea.
Don't buy it if you want to make a larger pot.
This is a great tea ball, easy to clean, easy tosee inside.
Only improvement would be to make ita bit larger.
If looking to use for a whole kettle, it's a bit small so find the larger size.
I love that I no longer have to use the spoon type tea infuser.
This is so much easier to use and it really makes a great tea, because the tea is literally brewing from all sides.
This tea ball works exactly as described, and I use it often.
Pros: Works reasonably well to make tea.Cons: The ball is smaller than I expected, and I'd prefer it if the chain was longer.
The smaller the ball, the less tea you can make because it will hold less tea leaves.
And because the chain is so short, it can fall into the cup of tea.
I've been using mine for over 6 months, several times a week, and have had neither rust nor loose tea in my brew.
I was surprised, when I went to buy another for use in stocks, etc.
We ordered this for loose tea and herbs for tea.
It works great, however, I'd prefer one a little larger (which I later purchased).
I starting experimenting with loose teas but did not like the mess.
Just remember loose tea expands when it gets wet.
The tea ball seems to be well built and easy to use.
I drink a lot of teas and believe this tea ball willlast and the price was right.
A couple of years ago, I started buying my green tea by the kilo and in the form of &#34;gunpowder pellets&#34;.
I have used this ball quite a bit, though, and it still looks new.
The robot infuser, spoon, and ceramic infuser all had holes that were too big and let tea leaves through.
Not the end of the world, but not particularly pleasant.
As mentioned, the mesh is fine enough that only the tiniest tea leaf particles get through.
It's also very easy to fill and there's enough space inside for the tea leaves to expand a lot.
It's easy to open and close, and easy to clean.
If I could change one thing, I'd add something heavy to the end of the chain.
I purchased two of these Progressive Stainless Steel Mesh Tea Ball by Progressive International.
One for tea and one for my minnow trap for holding bait.
What you say, well it so happens I have a need for tea and minnows.
I just love this little tea bag holder.
I drink a lot  and I have to let it sit  then squeeze  It  but with this striner I just  put.
It and close let it sit take out no burn finger.
It empties and cleans easily and can also be used in tea pots to brew larger amounts of  tea.
If it were not for my use/review of the Spoon HIC Infused Tea Spoon, I would have given this 5 stars.
I like and have no problems using this tea ball as a back-up.
This would have gotten 5 stars but the end piece after struggling to attach it popped off.
Now, I could have been the reason for this occurance as it was my first time using a tea ball.
The stainless steel has not rusted or lost its shine after numerous uses.
This is exactly what I was looking for.
Nothing fancy just a regular old stainless steel tea ball.
I actually have to use it to keep the mice away so it serves it's purpose.
I put a cotton ball soaked in peppermint oil inside and that nice peppermint smell keeps them out of our brand new grill!  :-).
It holds enough tea for a very large cup.
It closes tightly enough that the tea leaves don't leak out.
Its nice and does what it has too.
does leave some impurities in tea when dealing with finely grinded herbs.
It gets near daily use for tea and I also use it occasionally for herbs in soups and stews.
The mesh will hold on to small bits if you're not careful, but that's just because it's a fine mesh.
The mesh part looks a bit battered these days, but again, that's just a quality of the mesh.
If you like fine teas, it's just the thing.
Initially, I found the chain a little loose, but I just squeezed it together better with my fingers and haven't had a problem since.
It goes through the dishwasher well, but I often wash by hand since I'm just going to use it again immediately anyway.
The stainless steel looks better when it goes through the dishwasher, though.
Easy open/close latch and easy to dispose tea leaves and rinse.
Comes with chain with hook to latch onto edge of cup for easy retrieval of ball.Will recommend.
This was the cheapest strainer on Amazon at the time that i went looking for them.
I also use this to contain seasoning's when using my crock pot.
This is great for loose tea or as I have been experimenting with, is cold coffee.
Fill it  full of medium ground dark roast, stir it around for 20/30 seconds in 8 to 10 oz of room temp water.
Let soak for 12 hours or so, add ice and you have a great tasting cold coffee.
Sweeten to taste, but I don't add sugar.
Doing it cold, eliminates the acidic after taste and it has a great flavor.
This is great for loose tea, although with it's size, it kind of fills the mug on it's own.
I can just float this bad boy in my pot or slow cooker, and take it, and all of the spices, out right before serving.
I bought three of these balls so I could make different teas in stainless steel pots.
Supposed to be good for high blood pressure.
I will continue to buy amazons&#34; Davidson's teas  using my cute, nifty little tea ball.
My opinion of herb teas, which I call weed teas, has been negative.
I use it some, but I kind of prefer steeping loose tea and then pouring through a strainer.
The size is perfect for one cup of tea.
Great stocking stuffer for my wonderful daughter in law, who is a tea aficionado!  She enjoys it and enjoys her tea!.
I use this tea ball for spices! I have those in my household that hate rosemary &#34;sticks&#34; in their food.
;p I also have one who HATES onions.
I have never had it open up accidentally.
It is easy to unclasp, yet will stay in place well.For the onions I chop them up and let them stew, soak, cook.
with them in this ball inside the dish I'm cooking.
They receive all the benefits of the onion without seeing, or feeling the yukky onion on their tongue.
(Out of sight, out of mind!)When I'm done making the soup, dish etc.
I just open the ball, dump the remains in the trash,or recycle, rinse, dry and put away.
It works well to strain my tea and it looks cute too!  I will probably buy more for my guests!.
its for tea or other herbs when you want some hot tea just place in boiling water and you are ready to go.
I've seen these at others' homes and wanted it myself.
The mesh is tightly woven enough that little leaks out into the tea but is large enough to make a tea however strong you want.
Either with this ball or with the teas I would prefer suggestions about how much to use.
Cleanup isn't the greatest but it's something I can deal with.
No more teabags here, I'll just use this.
Since then, this company didn't do that anymore.
My second order was from someone else, neither Amazon nor Prime eligible.
I ordered it at the beginning of January with a shipping date (something that can not be tracked by carrier) sometime after January 31.
It may be beneficial to look elsewhere, either locally or online.
If you ever get this item, it's wonderful.
I already had one of these and I needed another one.
The fine mess keeps the tea components out of the drinking tea itself, while still allowing the water to steep the herbs or tea leaves.
Easy to open, but it doesn't pop open on its own.
Just the best type I have ever used.
My other one is 18 years old, and now that my daughter wants to have fresh tea, sometimes we need two.
High quality, just as expected, a bit small but does the job.
I definitely recommend this tea ball, the price is pretty good too.
It has a solid construction and the clip seems quite strong and so far it hasnt opened in my tea unlike previous tea balls.
It works just as you would expect and I could not believe it was under $1 with free shipping!.
it stays at the bottom so it works great.
Now need to find some good loose tea leaves.
Bought this for the wife and she loves it, it works great.
Got it for a great price and it works great for what we need it around the house.
The size is perfect for what I wanted it for.
I bought it to use for putting my spices in when I'm making corned beef and cabbage.
I don't like the spices and little mustard seeds all over everything but I want the flavors they provide.
Ordinary tea balls were too small but this one is perfectly sized to hold about 2 Tablespoons of spices.
This stainless steel mesh tea ball is well made and easy to use.
It works great for making my Tulsi Tea and Green Tea in the morning.
This is the best thing I've ever bought for my daughter.
She loves herbs and uses them all the time in making her tea.
Before they had to use a cloth with a tie strap.
This simple, classic infuser does its job very well.
Every tea drinker should have at least one in their collection.
the chain can come out, if it does just tight it back.
when I first got this I thought it wasn't going to last too long but it's been great.
This was my first tea infuser and it's lasting over and over again.
Don't be afraid to buy this, it's a great product and a great price and I use it everyday.
The mesh is fine enough that all the minced spices and herbs I have put inside it have stayed inside just fine.
This is very nice, though it is smaller than I did expect it to be.
This stainless steel mesh tea ball is 2-inches in diameter, which is really too large for making one cup of tea.
I use this size for bouquet garni for soups, stocks, and stews.
Also, the locking mechanism on the ball is not that tight and can come undone, so it needs to be checked.
I wash the stainless mesh ball by hand in warm running water without using soap and then let it air dry.
Before putting it back in my utensil drawer, I usually towel dry it a bit too.
If you are a loose tea drinker this tea ball comes in handle and is a nice add on product.
never used this before and now I prefer it to bags.
Water circulates more completely for a more flavorful tea.
The only thing about this is that cleaning can be a bit of a pain.
I guess it would be no sweat if you flush things like tea leaves down the drain but I don't.
So it is a matter of fishing debris out before rinsing.
I have had no problems with rust, an issue noted by another reviewer.
The bottom line is that it works well.
There is much less mess with the ball than with the usual strainers.
We enjoy our favorite tea leaves more often now.
A bit awkward because it slipped off the cup edge and, of course, it transmits heat, but it does work well.
Stained from use, but I don't really care.
Clip on the end of the chain is useful so I don't have to dig into hot tea to retrieve it.
It is very good, holding the tea leaf very well.
This is very secured, so no more tea leaf escape.
We buy lose leaf tea and this works really well.
It is high quality and is easy to clean.
Love using this for loose tea!  I can buy all kinds of tea and enjoy it whenever I want with this mesh tea ball.
this tea ball works great with leaf teas.
it holds the right amount of leaf for a 2 cup tea pot or a large mug.
There are fewer loose leaves floating around in my cup and the tea seems to brew much better.
I like it, but I thought stainless steel wasn't supposed to rust.
My daughter took it and is okay with it.
Put tea in it, put it in your cup of hot water, you get hot tea out.
Go crazy with it, put two types of tea in there.
I always wanted one of these so I bought it, found some loose tea leaves online to buy and tried it out.
I saw this on Amazon and purchased it.
If you do not want to make a pot of tea, this is the best way to go.
It is easy to clean, not too bulky, perfect size for an individual mug.
Keeps all the tea leaves in while using, and just one click, you can empty it.
i would have given it five stars if the end of the chain had a hook to fit over the cup.
It tends to fall in to the cup.
Could hold enough tea for a pot instead of a mug but works just fine in a mug as well.
Use this all the time for seasoning stews for venison dishes or fish stews that have seasoning that don't get dissolved into the dish.
The clasp holds well and I don't have to worry about the large pepper corns or other seasonings falling out.
Easily washed or thrown into the dishwasher for cleaning.
Summer time is right around the corner, and I love sun tea! These tea balls allow for trial sun tea concoctions.
I mix up a small homemade mix of teas and use this ball to steep it with.
If I like my small batch of tea, I increase the recipe and brew bigger batches.
I use a double sized version of this item to steep gallon jugs of tea variations I like.
Love this little ball! Well worth the few dollars I spent on it.
Very little tea leaks into the water, ( obviously a little does, but it is a microscopic amount).
I would recommend this for any tea lover or beginner! Much better than the tea clamps.
That being said, I didn't need another tea ball, I just like tea and got this while ordering other things.
Not a whole lot to say about this.
Bought it for my wife who's getting into loose leaf tea.
Dishwasher safe, large holes that do not clog, large open handle, and nice size.
I have enjoyed using this salt and pepper set.
these are very useful and you do not have to fill them very often.the tops come off and easily go back on.
Got this set a couple of months ago.
I love the look and the size and recently found the matching sugar shaker at a local Marshalls.
The plastic lid is a nice touch to protect from dust.
There is one thing that keeps it from getting 5 stars (other than fingerprints) and that is the lid can be tighter.
Sometimes when shaking, salt will fall out from the edge of the cap.
The cap fits on by 2 little bulges and u simply place the lid on, then turn to tighten.
but salt is very small and can still escape.
so it can be a tad annoying if you're sprinkling some salt and it also comes flying out from the edge.
We love the plastic lids--it keeps the dust and dampness out.
The amount of salt and pepper it shakes is perfect.
I've lost track of how many of these I've bought.
I've cut them to size for every pan I own.
They work great and clean easily with a soapy sponge.
When I'm making sheet after sheet of cookies I just wipe them off between batches.
I just wish they made them a bit bigger - I still have to use regular parchment paper for my biggest pizza pans.
Easy to use, easy to cut to size, it was only delivered this morning and I've already used it for cookies, fantastic.
This works really well!  I use it all the time.
There is no need to use oil and it cleans easily.
This is a reusable parchment paper that works great.
I use it for baking on a baking stone and it has held up very well for several months.
I have used it for cookies, buns, breads, stuffed pies, scones etc.
Nothing and I mean absolutely NOTHING sticks to this and it washes up with just water and I air dry.
I love it! Sometimes all I do is just wipe it off with a damp paper towel when it cools.
This is a washable liner that means that you save money, not having to purchase it again.
It does the job of keeping food from sticking, and being washable.
I haven't used it long enough to know if it eventually loses its non stick.
I love love love this product - have bought several for me and many more for gift-giving.
Have used consistently for nearly two years and still love my original one.
I enjoy cooking and baking (breads, especially) and I use this for EVERYTHING (except for cutting on).
I have cut some to fit all my baking pans and now happily bake away with not a care about sticking.
I bought my first one at a discount department store but got a better buy here.
A cinch to use, to clean, and to store (nifty idea using the paper towel roll to store them.) Nothing sticks.
Way better than those silicone mats and much better than parchment paper.
I have even tried quality parchment paper and the Kitchen Supply parchment paper side by side in a cookie bake-off and the KS won hands-down.
We use these in place of disposable parchment paper when baking cookies.
They are so much cheaper than the silicone liners.
We just let them soak in some dish water for a few minutes and allow them to air dry.
I think they will last a long time.
And the best part is that our cookies don't stick.
I have used this several times for roasting sunflower seeds and it is functional and gets the job done.
Cleaning is a bit of a pain but not terrible.
I bought one - cut it up for use with my toaster oven and loved it.
Then I bought another two for gifts and more for me.
I even use one to raise the &#34;5-minute bread&#34; dough and then transfer it to the hot cast iron waiting in the oven.
I keep thinking I'll buy one of the more expensive, thicker type of baking pads.
But then I think why? These work great.
It works perfectly and you can use it the times you need.
I've been using this piece of parchment &#34;paper&#34; for months now and it still works fine.
It's not really paper, it's a a silicone-coated nonstick liner that is washable and, of course, reusable.
After a while though, they do begin to get kind of gross looking from things that have spilled over and baked into them.
I wash them in the washing machine and technically they are clean, but they look sort of terrible, but they still work great.
Easy to use and washEco friendlyVery well pricedCould be larger in size but I put two sheets together for my larger baking sheets.
I purchased this parchement paper after running out of the large sheets I have been using for years.
It cuts easily to fit baking sheets of any size and nothing sticks to it.
It cleans easily too! I will be ordering more to fit other baking pans.
I use it for pizza, bread, and cookies.
No more sticking to the pan, no more deflated baguettes, no more soggy parchment paper that promptly turns black in the oven.
Simplicity to clean, just wipe it off with a soapy sponge and rinse.
It definitely shows signs of use, but I doubt my pizza and cookies much care.
Still just wipes clean with a damp sponge.
I've also cut them up for cake pan liners.
Both are performing extremely well in my kitchen.One caveat - if you have non-stick flat cookie sheets with no lip, these liners WILL slip around.
My cookie sheets are heavy duty professional jelly roll pans, but my son has some of those light weight non-stick cookie sheets with no lip.
I hate those things, they warp at around 350 F.
It has discolored over the years but still works 100%.
The full pan size however is perfect for cutting up to exactly fit your baking stone or larger baking sheets/jelly roll pans.
I have also cut up liners for all my cake pans.
This is a product that belongs in every baker's kitchen.
I use it for baking my French Macarons.
I have deviced a template of circles drawn with a permanent marker.
The circles are of the appropriate size, and distance to produce perfectly uniform macarons, provided the batter is piped correctly.
These mats are easy to clean, durable and leave no odor.
very very helpful in the past, and expect to again in the future.
It should be great for other craft-making where I use adhesives, mod podge, or paints,.
This product is an inexpensive silpat type baking sheet.
It replaces parchment paper and it is washable and reusable.
I have Matfer and Exo silicone sheets for years now but they are getting tattered so was looking to replace them.
These can also be cut to any shape you need so to use in cake pans they would be pretty economical too.
And when they say that it cannot stand up to knife blades they MEAN it.
I have 8 sheets that I use over and over, and often.
That is, until it came across as a "recommended product" by amazon one day.
They're exactly what my mom has and works just as well.
Everything slides right off (even the delicate lacey cookies).
They don't burn or scorch (if you're melting sugar with a kitchen torch).
That seems to be happening to my Mafter silicone liners.
They have developed this waxy/sticky residue that won't wash off.
And another issue I have with the silicone liners, mine are falling apart at the edges after just 2 years.
And I rolled them up once for storage and now one won't un-roll and lie flat anymore.I just love these.
They're so much cheaper (than the silicone liners) especially with Amazon's buy 4 get one free deal.
Why did I not buy this years ago!? This parchment paper is so handy and makes making anything in the oven so much easier.
No stone to clean and no cornmeal all over the place.
I can't wait to start using this when I bake desserts.
However, my cookie sheets are large (about 13.5x18).
This seemed like the best fit and was reusable, so I bought it.
So glad I did!It is a thin, coated parchment paper.
My baked goods come off perfectly from it, and it's easy to clean.
The coating is supposed to be silicone, and feels a bit waxy (in a good way).
I love this so much I bought another one! Now I have one for both cookie sheets.
It is thinner than I thought it would be but it works well.
My wife just doesn't like to wash it.
She would rather use foil and spray Pam on it.
So, I wash it for her to save a few bucks on spray and foil.
I've only used my mat 2-3 times, but am loving it so far.
My only comment (not really a complaint) is that on the very first use, the biscuits I baked on it left a 'stain'.
It's not like I'm going to be pulling out these sheets to show to company, though, so it's not a big deal.
I used to use parchment to line my pizza peel.
I had to guess the size of the round every time I cut it.
I kept forgetting to set the timer to remove the paper before the edges burned.
I had little black paper bits floating around my kitchen.Then I ordered Kitchen Supply's Parchment Paper, which isn't.
I cut it to fit my pizza stone.
Take that, Silpat! I spend less time vacuuming burned things off the floor.
This product performs as well as the very expensive Silpat mats and is FAR less expensive.
With good marketing, they could put Silpat out of business.
If you don't have these in your kitchen you should.They are great.
Reusable again, and again, and again, and again...And inexpensive! I have 5 of them.
I love baking cookies, chicken, just about anything.
I also use it when proofing bread, no need for plastic wrap.
Being able to cut it to shape is another big plus.
When my old springform pan began to leak on the bottom of the oven I realized it was time for a replacement.
After shopping around a lot I chose this pan.
It makes a perfect cheesecake and now I'm planning on ordering another one.
I got this pan around Thanksgiving and used it a ton over the holiday season.
I've had no problems with leaks and the pan and glass are holding up very well.
As I'm writing this the price is about $47, which is way high.
I paid $24 for it and think that that is a fair price.
I bought this springform pan based on the recommendation of several trusted sources, including Cook's Illustrated magazine.
The rimless glass bottom presents no impediment to a spatula when lifting out nice, neat slices.
The truth is, when securely seated in the collar, the glass is quite well-protected.
Probably the biggest recommendation for this is the fact that other manufacturers (including Kaiser) are now starting to copy the glass-bottom idea!.
This springform pan is really nice - the glass base is a brilliant idea! I wish the base was a little thicker, though.
I purchased this recently and I have had lots of fun making waffles.
It is easy to set up and clean, and works fairly quickly.
The waffles are kind of small so you really need to eat two to be satisfied.
The depth is kind of shallow, so the wells to hold the syrup aren't very deep.
The new Hoffritz Waffle Maker seem to make much larger waffles with deeper wells for the same price.
This waffle maker is perfect for Norwegian waffles.
The different controls that allow you to control the texture is a nice plus.
If you're too hard on it, it looks like it could break easily.
Bought this because I have kids and thought they would enjoy the shapes.
One for a moisty inside (for my husband) and one for crispy all the way (for me).
It has different settings  for darkness and beeps when ready.
I use it to make whole wheat waffles  with soya milk and without eggs and it works great!.
I did not think you could make a decent waffle without a old-style heavy duty waffle maker.
One point to mention, is this is the Scandinavian heart style waffles, not deep pocket Belgian style.
I would recommend it to anyone without reservation.
Why did I wait so long to purchase this waffle maker?  Cook's Illustrated magazine has been touting it as the best for several years.
I used to have a lousy one that didn't heat evenly.
The price was excellent and the quality is fantastic.
Bought this Waffle Pro for my sourdough waffles and love it.
Have a Belgian waffle maker, but it won't work for sourdough waffles.
This is just the right depth and pretty too!.
This waffle iron replaced one that has been in the family for over 40+ years.
The medium seem to be right for us and it is nice to have the beeper to let you know when they are done.
All in all this will be a good replacement.
Hopefully it will last for 40+ years as well.
Oh the old one still works just oozeing black stuff around the base and were not to sure what it is.
Updated 5/20/2013 - This waffle iron is still going strong.
HOWEVER, my son is now the owner, as the kids "ruined" it by using nonstick spray on it.
it's not really ruined, it still works fine, but the cleanup is no longer easy.
Straight out of the box, wiped it off, plugged it in, and within a couple of minutes, it was ready.
2nd setting will cook a bit longer, and the waffle will be the same texture throughout.
(Can't imagine ever using the 2nd setting, but it's there for users that want it.)There is also a very accurate browning dial.
We set it at a mid range setting of 4, and ended up moving it one more to 5.The ready beep is also very accurate.
I've never had a waffle iron that had an accurate ready beep or light.
I didn't believe it at first, and had to keep checking it.
nonstick!  I did not have to spray or coat the waffle plates with butter or oil.
Cleanup was simply a quick wipe with a paper towel.I'm certain the unit performs so well because the plates maintain their temperature so well.
Can't say enough about the "Waffle of Insane Greatness" recipe on the Food Network's website.
We topped with fresh berries and a tiny drizzle of real maple syrup, and we had waffle nirvana!.
I gave this as a gift to our son's family after searching for the best and this one was rated as the top Waffle Iron.
They were right, my son said it is the best , easy to use and makes perfect waffle every time including the first one!.
The automatic ready indicator works for both heating and cooking.
The hinge is articulated so the waffles come out with uniform thickness.
The recipe that comes with it is tasty.
The product deserves 5 stars, not 2 because of shipping costs!!The is 100% unbleached parchment, which I love.
I love this parchment paper for baking; it allows me to produce great baked goods.
I use it for lining almost any pan in which I'm baking something and any pan which I'm using in the fudge-making process.
The paper molds easily, unlike the stiffer white paper that is available in the grocery store.
I'm switching brands to another unbleached paper and will do a review on the product once I receive it.
Very good product, no need to grease it and lighter than regular (bleached) parchment papers.One and only baking paper i'll ever use.
I like this parchment paper especially since it is not bleached.
Holds up well and has a good presentation.
I bought this over a year ago and still looks and works like new.
My family loves spritz cookies and I wanted a cookie press that would hold up to my baking needs.
I have five kids so there is a lot of baking going on in my house.
Easy to change the shape of the cookie and easy clean up.
I love this! I would recommend buying this to anyone who likes to bake.
This Norpro is the easiest most consistent press that I have used.
Better than the Swiss and German units that I have used in the past.
Don't buy ANY of the plastic ones!Would buy this one again.
I put NOTHING made from aluminum in the dishwasher for this reason.
It is an excellent design, has rugged construction and solidly interlocking parts, and comes with 20 different die plates.
It shows each die along with the resulting cookie shape.Buy this cookie press after a thorough comparison with others.
Plastic cookie presses often break sooner rather than later.
- This one is up to the job.
The included recipes also provide different things to try, or just stick with the basic great tasting sugar cookie.
The family and office will sure be glad you got this item.
There is a different Christmas tree, but no animals at all.
It did take a little getting used to, but I do like it very much.
This is a high quality cookie press and we've been using it for over two years with no problems.
I had previously owned another brand of cookie maker but lost an important piece on it so it no longer worked.
I figured it was less of a hassle to replace the whole cookie maker rather than purchase a replacement part.
When I purchased this deluxe stainless steel one I had my doubts because the handle operation looked a little bit funky.
My previous one did not operate like this.
But I really needed a cookie maker quickly so I tried it.
I can pump out those cookies so quickly it's amazing and consistant.
And of course there are wonderful designs to choose from.
Many people use it for spritz cookies only on Christmas.
You can add lovely colors to your cookie dough and produce a rainbow of possibilties.
This cookie maker is a breeze to clean.
The pieces come apart easily and wash with hardly any effort.
It makes a beautiful little heart cookie that is wonderful for Valentines Day.
It makes a perfect little Christmas tree or wreathe for the holidays.
It makes cute little flowers or stars or just fun shapes that are not anything in particular.
It's so easy to use and kind of fun.
I bought this to replace my plastic one that I've used for 4 years (Wilton).
This is all metal (aluminum, I think) and it is a lot smaller but still very functional like my previous one.
You can see how much dough you have left but I for see this to last a lot longer!.
Have only used it once, but it's great.
(Update below.) It made gorgeous shortbread cookies, but I really bought it to make uniform-sized dog treats.
This will make better-looking treats with less work and in less time than what I've been doing.It was easy to figure out.
The long rod (which pushes the piston inside the cylinder to force the dough out) has notches all up and down one side.
You must rotate the rod so the notched side is closest to the handle.
The handle ratchets down the notches as you operate the press, regulating the amount of dough dispensed.
This press has two settings, for small and large cookies, but large is by no means huge.
and I've never used any sort of cookie press before.
It's also easy to clean, at least with shortbread dough.
No idea what causes the problem; it persists after cleaning and reassembling everything.
Some stencils seem to work better than others.
In the photo section, I've uploaded a "legend" showing the stencils, and the resulting pressed dough, in the same order.
I even included a couple of disasters in the pics.
the reason i purchased this was to cover the food at our Luau.
It worked great! People were able to see through it enough to know which foods they wanted seconds on.
I use cheesecloth primarily to filter broth and oil, and this cheesecloth works very well for this.
In my experience, cheesecloths are very similar, so price has always been my primary consideration.
This cheesecloth is very economical, and of good quality.
There really isn't much to say about cheesecloth.
This was a good buy and does the job well.
I appreciate the amount of material you get for the money, as compared to buying it at the grocery store.
I used this to cover food trays at a family reunion which was outside.
It worked great keeping the flies off the food.
Not much more I can say about the product since I didn't need it after and threw it away.
She does not want an air conditioner--loves fresh air.
We cover her window screens with a double thickness of cheesecloth in the early spring and her allergic symptoms lessen.
Using double faced tape to secure we can take the cloth off and wash when it shows discoloration, and it will.
Air dry the cheesecloth and secure again with fresh tape.
Be careful taking off the tape, you can tear the fabric.
This will also work to keep bugs from coming in through your windows.
I bought cheesecloth from two different vendors to see which I preferred.
I use it for draining the whey from yogurt, to be used for fermenting.
I make kvass, sauerkraut, ginger drink, and pickles, fermenting with whey.
It is so easy to do and is ready in a few days.
And then I hang it over the oven handle to dry.
Buying cheesecloth on Amazon is a complicated by the nonstandard descriptions.
This one calls itself "extra fine", but I would describe it as roughly grade 10, which is coarse, and about what I wanted.
It looks clean enough to use out of the package.
The quality is good, better than Walmart, so I am upgrading to 4 stars.
Compared to Walmart cloth, less residue remains on the cheese after the cloth is pull off the wheel.
I bought this cheesecloth to strain grease with after deep frying fish.
It's the perfect  grade & strains the cornmeal & spices out to leave clean grease to use one more time.
It does exactly what I wanted it to do.
I've owned this for two and a half years now.
The bad reviews put me off for a year or two but I finally bought one.
If you're like me who had a collection of blunted, bent and chipped blades you will probably use the first section frequently for awhile.
But after that I have never used it again.
I have been and still very happy with this purchase.
It's fast and easy to get a sharp edge.
It's almost a pleasure to have to cut things after a few passes through the sharpener.
This electric knife sharpener is so effective and easy to use, it's almost completely &quot;automatic&quot;.
Virtually anyone from teenager to age 99 can master the instructed technique quickly.
Read the manual carefully, and re-read at the next use if you don't use it often.
It can even correct tiny knicks in the blade edge, and freshen-up the finish on a serrated edge.
I did a lot of study before I bought this.
You can't use it on asian knives with a 15 degree edge.
But I have had no problem with mine working.
The price was lower than other outdoor outfitter catalogs.
Hard to beat the edge this sharpener will out on a knife.
I still use it on steak knives and also my pocket knife.Best part is I bought this on Amazon (2008) 5 FIVE years ago!Good quality.
I have used this product several times and it works so well that others in my family borrow it to sharpen their knives at home.
I loved the knives, but having to resharpen them every week on a stone got to be more trouble that it was worth.
Now just a quick swipe and they are ready to go.
I consider myself a good cook and make sure my knives are sharp.
Also, I'm a gadget person and really didn't expect this to work as well as it did.
But I have NO complaints and highly recommend the item!.
My wife bought this years ago on the recommendation of a friend of ours who is a true expert in all things kitchen.
I bought a new 8 inch chef's knife that Amazon had on an instant sale, and along with it a sharpening steel.
First I read the reviews here, and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend.
The only concern came because of a reviewer or two who claimed that this sharpener left scratches on their knife blades.
I took a close look at the scars already present.
I got a piece of paper and tested its sharpness.
It took a pretty firm effort to start a cut into the edge of the paper, and a sawing motion to make progress.
Then I sharpened the knife according to the instructions.
This knife was so dull that I gave it a pass through the #1 slots.
It took me a while to get the hang of recognizing the "burr" created by the #2 sharpening slots, but I got there.
Then I made a few passes with the #3 slots.
When I felt ready, I moved into our "good stuff".
But this old guy wouldn't cut the paper without some concentrated effort.
I decided to only use slots 2 and 3 with it anyway, and they restored the expensive old knife to scary good sharpness.
My wife wanted me to test it out on a soft tomato we needed to eat anyway.
It turns out she also had a set of a few Mac knives, also a well respected brand.
Those sharpened right up too.I did inspect each blade carefully before and after sharpening each knife.
At no time did I detect any new scratches after sharpening.
From my experience, I cannot believe that the sharpening action of this appliance is responsible for his scratches.
For one thing, the sharpening surfaces just cannot reach very high up on the knife blade to begin with.
There is also the chance that he may have ignored the instructions and put too much pressure on the knife as he passed it through.
It really just takes a gentle but firm pressure to get the knife sharp.
Electricity is doing the work, you are not required to.I'm happy with my results.
If it had a really difficult time starting the cut, I gave the knife a pass through slot 1.
If it was easier but not very easy, I used slot 2 to obtain a burr on the edge.
If it already could start that cut pretty easily, I just gave the knife a touch up with slot 3.
Every cooking and utility knife in our kitchen is now of a relatively uniform sharpness.Obviously, highly recommended.
I used to sharpen my knives with many different hand sharpening tools.
They would do a good job on them, but they always took planning and a fair amount of work.
That led to knives not getting sharpened nearly as often as they should have.
I found out it does a very good job on all knives and haven't sharpened any knife with anything else for a very long time.
It's quick and does a very good job of sharpening.
This appliance could put an edge on a piece of scrap steel.
Yep, it's a hundred bucks plus, no argument.
Will the need diminish as all those backlog pieces are brought back to utility, yes, no argument.
This is my second pruchase of this model of knife sharpner.
I now have one at both my residence and my vacation house.
The more you use this sharpener on a knife, the better and quicker it will sharpen the knife.
I can keep my kitchen knifes razer sharp with just a touch up on a regular basis.
The quality of the item, so far, has been great.
I have no complaints, the ease of use is there, and what little instructions you need are very clear.
If money is not an object for you, you can pretty much call this a 5-star product.
I would think most people buy good knives for good performance, not for display.
But if you keep a knife for a long time, it will eventually get scratches and minor imperfections on the blade surface anyway.
We have about 25 matching Henckels Four Star knives that we have acquired, used and sharpened on Chef's Choice sharpeners for up to 25 years.
The Chef's Choice sharpeners put an excellent hone on the edge of each type of knife in a very short amount of time.
Flexible boning knives are most subject to this situation and must be replaced eventually.
We have never had a motor failure or other malfunction.
Avoid sharpening to razor sharp edges as they dull more quickly.
Above all, wash and completely dry high carbon steel knives immediately after each use to prevent rust.
This sharpener has all three important stages for sharpening your knives effectively and efficiently.I looked at sharpening stones.
I owned several sharpening devices from the sort of &#34;pull through&#34; ones to the 'v' shaped ones.
We had the first generation of Chef's Choice sharpeners, and it's been sitting in a cabinet for at least 15 years.
It wasn't as good as a steel (and it cost more than what we paid for the 120).
So while I was reluctant, I took a chance and bought the 120.
We have an assortment of Henckles, Wustoff, and 45 year-old Zylco knives.
We have serrated, hollow ground, and straight edge.
A 40 year old Henckle hollow ground carving knife just sliced through a standing rib roast like it was butter.
It was the only way it would ever be sharp again.
But I can heartily recommend the 120 3-Stage.
Where's the 6th star?? This is an EXCEPTIONAL product, worth a PERFECT rating.
I am a tough grader, but this thing is just wonderful:1.
It just works, very little skill or time required.2.
No water, no significant maintenance, no mess no fuss.3.
FAST (maybe a minute or less per knife)5.
Time will tell.Read the instructions well and follow them closely, for the best initial results.
But honestly even if you don't you'll get sharp knives.
Just draw the blade fairly smoothly through the slot (no pauses).
I attribute this to the dual-bevel structure of the way the 3-stage (really 2-stage) process works.
Another thing I was concerned about was getting the blade sharp all the way down to the hilt.
This is a very useful method to understand what's happening with the sharpener and with your knife blades.
I use this on all my knives with great results.
Follow the instructions and you will have knives sharp as new.
I recommend using older, cheaper knives when you first try the sharpener until you are more proficient.
Read, read, read the instructions before you begin.
Yes you can dispense with the  need  for those outrageously expensive knives and  purchase commercial knives  from a commercial supply store as Sam's.
I have many knives:  Wusthof, Calphalon, some damascus blades, and some uniquely shaped (some custom-shaped) relatively old American-made blades.
The old American blades need constant sharpening and a lot of TLC.I like this sharpener for its ease-of-use.
I like the fact that there is no guess work in the correct angle for sharpening.
I like the fact that sharpening is quick, quick.
If I can find that product online, I will give it one star!  I would also give this company's customer service department one star.
But that was two years ago, so hopefully things have changed.
I use the small one at our fish camp.
And my daughter has one for her small apartment.
This is a fantastic sharpener!! But it is a bit expensive.
I sharpened all my knives and they have remained sharp for months now.
so that comes out to about $20 per knife.
I do a minimal to moderate amount of cooking so this may have been a little overkill for my situation.
If you do alot of cooking this is a must have.
I see a few right now on ebay for $40-70.
Very easy to use and puts a very fine edge on our knives.
It is also very highly rated by a number of cooking sites and chefs.
The sharpener works best with longer blades.The shorter blades don't fit well in the sharpener.
Well, I was somewhat disappointed when I tried it on my knives.
My knife edges were transformed to wickedly smooth sharp.
This sharpener is an outstanding sharpener produced by a company in Pennsylvania.
Forget about all the different hand sharpeners, stones and other brands of power sharpeners.
Chef's Choice make the best available, with a long 3 year warranty! I like this model best.
it will probably last a lifetime.An update November 2, 2013: I have used this unit for over 1 year.
unit puts a very sharp durable edge on knives.
I was a bit apprehensive during my first attempt at sharpening my knives but it was easy to do.
Just follow the instructions and you will have sharp knives again.
This little 'gadget' will transmogrify the dullest, bluntest knives in your drawer into razor sharp slicers and dicers.
Even my cleaver is sharp enough to cut joints instead of bludgeoning the entire beast into submission.
I purchased this several years ago from Cooking.com.
This is a great little tool.The unit is divided into a 3 stage system.
Stage 2 is the Steeling stage and Stage 3 is the Stropping and Polishing stage.
Sharpening is accomplished by pulling a knife through the left and right angle guides in Stage 1.
This stage kind of dresses or finishes the knife.
These 2 wheels are the most used.Stage 2 is for re-steeling or resurfacing your knives.
You cannot sharpen scissors with this tool.Sharp knives are essential to a cook so I readily recommend this device.
I use it on my Henckel knives and have not been disappointed.
I originally bought the (much) cheaper two-stage Chef's Choice sharpener which was great for quickly and accurately honing cheap kitchen knives.
Dull knives not only work poorly, but they are dangerous to use as well.
I've tried the Lansky rod system but it's very hard to hold certain knives in the clamp, which also leaves scratch marks.
Not an acceptable solution for $125 plus blades.
Gradations between the hones is excellent and the third wheel leaves a nice smooth finish.
After the initial sharpening you'll probably never use the first one again on any given knife but it's nice to have available.
The guides work very well too, helping you maintain a consistent, accurate grind.
The down side is that you cannot sharpen hunting knives, daggers, or other blades with a diamond grind or large center spine.
They seem to hold up quite well over time too.All in all I'm glad I bought it.
I bought this sharpener about 6 years ago.
it is still going strong and i have not had the slightest bit of trouble with it.
I recently sharpened several knifes for three people.
in doing so, they have had me order them all one.
our knives were pretty dull from amateur sharpening.
This put correct shape and knives are now sharp.
It took several passes due to knives being misshaped over long period of time.
I love my good knives but my hubby was about to throw our wedding gift set away because they were so dull.
Let's just say I now find other knives, besides our own, to be painfully dull.
I am about to buy one for my dad and stepmom.
I am tired of squashing the food before their knives decide they will actually cut something.
We Had to buy this sharpener because the first one we bought was turned on and left unattended on the kitchen counter.
It walked off the counter and fell onto the floor.
It was unusable so we placed it without hesitation.
It is easy to use and sharpens knives well.
We've owned this sharpener for OVER 6 years.
I have the sharpest knives in the neighborhood.
In fact, when our adult children came to visit they always brought a box full of their knives for a sharpening party.
We have convinced many people to purchase this model.
New knives are never sharp so this unit works particularly well when you want a new knife to do it's job.
Have sharpened every kind of knife, including bread knives, etc.
When, and if this unit dies?  We will purchase another one - just like it.
I am a chef, so when I was working, I carried my knives in a roll wherever I went.
After a catering job, I'd sharpen every one of them up, and have had no cuts (on my person) since.
A dull knife is the most dangerous implement you can own.
Professional or not, if you cook, you need this.
I have been using this sharpener since 2005 and would buy the same unit again if it broke.
It is well built and does an excellent job sharpening our kitchen knives, most of which are Henckels.
It is easy to use; and would be difficult to use incorrectly.
It works quickly, and does not take up much space.
Still going strong and it's almost 10 years later.
I've been using this onZwilling JA Henckels Four Star 9-Piece Knife Set with Blockfor about the same amount of time.
Even works on serrated knives, using the proper slot of course.
Have only sharpened my knives once so far.
I had purchased a Sabatier knife sharpener some years ago, recommmended by a Bloomie's salesperson/ knife aficionado.
The unit had one slot, and kept a reasonable, but not great, edge on my Henckel knives.
When I finally mangled my Henckel serrated bread knife to a completely dull edge with that sharpener (silly me), I had a dilemma.
My current knives needed sharpening, and I wasn't getting the results I wanted with the Sabatier.
I wasn't about to buy a whole new set of knives, either.
I read some of the reviews here, and decided to take the plunge with the Chef's Choice.
Good move!The sharpener took my dull knives and brought them back to life, as I would have hoped.
My 8" Chef's knife is sharper than when I first got it.
I've been looking for a good knife sharpener for my parents, ever since I purchased their first pair of classis Wusthof knives.
I've read about the Chef's Choice in Consumer Reports, the Google BBS rooms, and all the reviews on Amazon and Epinions.
So I took the plunge and ordered it.3 days after ordering (thanks for switching to UPS Amazon!) I received it, and was quite pleasantly surprised.
While some people have complained about the sharpener leaving a mark on their nice Wusthof/Henckels knives, I found this to be not a problem.
Yes, it does leave a mark on your knives, but the mark is barely half a millimeter tall, and hardly visible.
Probably not diamond coated though.Well, all in all, an excellent buy.
The machine looks sturdy and strong, and it's such a relief to have a home sharpening kit.
I could never properly sharpen with a whetstone and spindle-thingy.
I used to use a Spyderco sharpener which provides great results, when used correctly.
This does almost as good of a job at a fraction of the time.
Gave used it to bring back some pretty dull blades to sharper than they were when I bought them.
My knifes are sharp, sharp likethere were when I was a kid always cutting my fingers when doing the dishes.
My grandfather made Italian Sausageand sold same in his deli.
My dad tried to teach me how to sharpen knifes but I couldnever master it, now I have the sharp knifes of my childhood.Thank you.
I've been using this sharpener for almost two decades and have found it to be the most versatile and flexible among home knife sharpeners.
This model will do everything from restoring damaged edges to creating ultra sharp ones to creating intermediate ones with just the right amount of bite.
It will allow you to hone most knives using only the third stage, bringing them back to full sharpness between full sharpenings.
You might even be able to find somebody who can sharpen your knives that way for free.
Many upscale supermarkets will allow you to drop off your knives in the butcher section for a professional sharpening.
TheAccuSharp 001 Knife Sharpenercosts a fraction of the price, and will put a surprisingly sharp edge on most knives.
--UPDATE-- I originally wrote this review in 2005, its 2010 now.
I still use this sharpener fairly regularly, it still works great.
I wish all products lasted this well.---After reading all of the reviews for this item I thought I would give it a try.
It has greatly prolonged the length of time between having my knives professionally sharpened, but not eliminated the need for it.
We've had one for years and bought this one for a friend.
I think this is a really good sharpener and we use it periodically throughout the year.
That said - it doesn't compare to the occasional professional sharpening.
I took all my good knives in last year and was amazed.
So, great to have around the house but not equal to a professional job.
it's not as fool proof as you might want.
I was able to get my 8 year old knives sharp, but not as sharp as when I first bought them.
I purchased this model as a gift for my son.
Truly sharp knives are a must in every kitchen.
Whether you are an experienced cook or a novice the sharper the knife the better.
Dull knives cut the user faster than sharp knives! This model has always produced a great edge for me.
To begin, I don't like the 110 and am now looking to replace it (probably with the Wicked Edge system).
Still inferior to the Chicago's (now thrown away).
Sent back a while later, still a poor edge (though looked nice).
It will make the task of cutting a lot more pleasurable.
On the other hand, if you are now using stones, you will not like the 110.
Its pretty crude and its not going to give you the fine edge a stone will provide (assuming you are adept at using it).
We've had this knife sharpener for over a year and it works well for us.
We've used it to sharpen my set of Henckels knives and Chicago cutlery knives and I am very pleased with the results.
It does take some practice to slide the knives smoothly through the sharpener.
There's a proper technique that is needed and if that's followed, you will get good results.
This is much better than sharpening it manually using a whetstone.
I use my knives a great deal for filleting large fish.
Also in the kitchen we are always cutting onions, bell peppers, celery, tomatoes, meats, potatoes, and carrots.
I enjoy having sharp knives and can hand sharpen them to a razors edge, but this is rather time consuming.
With this sharpener I can use the 1st stage to shape the blade edge then touch up on the 2nd and 3rd stage.
It takes about 1.5 - 2 mins for the first time you sharpen your knife.
Successive resharpening using 2nd and 3rd stage takes about 45 seconds.
No matter how I have tried I can't get the knives to shave after using this sharpener.
They are very close but just won't shave.
This doesn't affect function of the knife, but it doesn't look nice.
My husband has had this model for a number of years so I  bought this for my dad and he loves it.
It does such a great job on every kind of knife.
I use the model 110 with good results.
Stage 1 is a tiny grinding wheel with guides, so aggressive it will quickly take off too much metal from an undamaged knife.
Don't use stage 1, unless the knife edge is nicked, chipped or abused in some way.
It is too aggressive for routine use, but will cut a new edge on a damaged blade with about 2-3 slow steady passes, alternating sides.
Stage 3 is for frequent touch-up honing and is the one to use most often.
The trick is to guide the blade so this does not happen, and that takes practice.
(The model 120 has better knife guides than the 110 and it does not tend to grab, so consider this newer model 120).
Not for serrated blades, ceramic blades or certain Japanese blades (wrong angle for santoku etc).Read the manual and practice.
You will be able to maintain sharp edges with frequent use of stage 3, and occasionally rescue a damaged blade using stage 1.
I bought it to give as a gift knowing they would be as delighted as I am.
This sharpener does not work with a thick blade.
However, it is fantastic for your thinner bladed knifes.
Similar to a table saw kicking out lumber back at you.
Mine is new and has only seen use once (all of my knifes), and I don't know if there's a "breaking in" period.
It'll be awhile before I use it again because it works quite well.
I don't have time to sharpen with a stone.
If I use the stone my knives don't get sharpened.
If you need to make a fetish of your expensive knives, then go ahead and buy something else.
But I have to admit that I usually end up "finishing" the job on my stone to make the knife really sharp and smooth.
I've been the knife sharpener in the house for years, and that task just got a whole lot easier.
This unit is stable, quiet, easy to use, and does a great job.
I was a little concerned about getting the curve and tip right, but really, it is easy to do.
I would guess that many of you who have your edges ground by a pro have one of these in their back room.
Once I got this special 3-beveled edge on our  knives I never regretted the decision to switch.
Okay so I bought one for me and one for my brother without knowing how well it would work (or not).
I used this on a Tramontina knife set that I received as a gift many years ago.
I couldn't get any better than a barely adequate edge with it.
However, I did find that just a few swipes of a good steel _after_ using the Chef's Choice produced a very nice edge.
What had I been using before? A _file_ (I know, I know...but it works).
We also looked at the pricier electric sharpner (Model 110) from Edge Craft (Chefs Choice).
But we settled for this one since we felt we would use this at the most once or twice a month.
When we got the 460 we were surprise that it is made of platic and very light.
I followed the instructions and got very good results on my Henckles knives.
Also tried a serrated bread knife and results were good.
The answer is simple: This is the sharpener to buy.
Don't buy the electric versions if you have enough muscle power to lift the knife off the table.
Since you don't push down when using this, it's easier to sharpen knives with it than to cut food when the knives are done.
I'm hopeless at knife sharpening, so I was shopping for something idiot-proof.
I decided to go with the model 460 because it can sharpen serrated knives.
I thought it would be a simple matter of drawing the blade smoothly through the slot a few times.
It's also difficult to keep the blade in the proper position.
Or, I THINK it's difficult--according to the instructions, when everything is working right the little wheels will turn as you pull the blade through.
At best I get one to turn at once, and even then it's usually stop and start.
At that point the rollers are no longer useful as a guide.
I recently ordered this knife sharpener as a gift for my son.
When he comes to visit, he'd often pull out the drawer and find the sharpener and sharpen his pocket knife.
I recommend this sharpener, as it is does the job, doesn't cost an arm and a leg and fits in a drawer easily.
I don't think you can go wrong on this kitchen helper, and my son was happy to receive it as a gift.
They come out sharper, that's a fact, but I wanted more.
After sharpening, it was pretty obvious that the blade was sharpened unevenly (certainly those of my pocketknives).
The rollers, of course, are fixed, and thus don't allow for varying thicknesses.
I've had this sharpener for at least 3 years.
I wouldn't have anything else -- the electric models aren't worth the price and risk going too far and wearing down the blade.
I received this for Christmas 2003; and almost a year later I am quite pleased with this knife sharpener.
ALL of my knives were terribly dull, so Christmas morning, after opening this gift, I almost immediately sharpened every knife in the house.
Wow, it was a joy to have sharp knives again.
For the price, this is a must-have in every household, especially for those of us to couldn't master the sharping hone.
Warning, this is a manual sharpener, and the first sharpening of those dull knives takes time; but once sharp, regular sharpening is a breeze.
I am not particularly good at using a standards sharpening stone.
I found that I was a little too uneven in my stroke to get a really good edge on my knives.
I had alot of knives laying around in various states of dullness and a friend of mine sharpened them on his version of this sharpener.
His version could not be used on serrated blades so when I went out the following week, I bought the one that could.
but it didn't make sense not be able to sharpen serrated edges.)I am very happy with my purchase.
It is small and very easy to store.
It is quite ergonomic to hold and use.
This unit appears to be shiny chrome, its not.
Its light plastic with a shiny metal-ish looking plastic covering.
Im wondering how well over time this will hold up.
In truth tho, this isnt and item that will need a whole lot of washing, if any, so i dont expect a lot of problems.
It takes a bit of time to do but I think its worth caring for expensive things *by hand*.
I find that it takes more *passes* thru the unit than the direction suggests but I don't have a problem with that.
Very happy with its small *foot print* and very happy with this brand in general.
I like these pie weights but it takes MORE than 2 packages to weight a raw pie shell, so be warned.
They are dusty but you just rinse the pie weightsThe case doesn't hold them after it's opened.The package is useless for storage.
The plastic packaging might be re-usable for some purpose, but it's virtually impossible to get the beads back into the package without spilling.
Two packages are not enough for a 10&#34; tart pan, so I bought a third package.
Line an unbaked pie or tart shell with foil, pour these in, and get a perfect baked shell.
USE THE WEIGHTS  AND THE PIE CRUST CAME OUT GREAT.
RECOMEND ALL PIE MAKERS TOM GET THIS ITEM.GREAT PRODUCT.
If you do not want to use copper pennies or rice to weigh down your pie crust, then this is probably the way to go.
The price is good and there are enough of them for an average 9 inch pie.
This is a great product and was an indulgence after using beans or just not using anything.
My only criticism is that I needed 3 packages of these to fill the pie shell and hold the sides against the pie tin.
By pricking the unbaked dough with a fork and using aluminum foil containing these ceramic marbles your baked crust turns out as expected.
I use the pie weights when I "blind" bake pie shells before filling them.
They do a fine job of keeping the pie dough where it should be while it bakes.
My sister loves to make desserts and prides herself on her perfectly balanced pies.....thin, flaky, EVEN crusts that are cooked to perfection.
She had a couple sets of these already and has requested more as a gift.
I bought her two packs for Christmas and she was very pleased to have more.
She thinks they work very well.Her pies always taste hatefully perfect......I'm not allowed to cook for family gatherings anymore.
This was the first time I ever used pie weights.
Need two of these for a 8&#34; or 9&#34; pie.
2 boxes will **barely** fit in a standard mason jar in case you don't want to store them in the plastic container (I didn't).
They do have a chalky white coating, but running them in a colander until the faucet for a few minutes fixed it.
There could be a few more in the set.
A bit overpriced but what isn't these days?.
Not to knock freezer crusts, mind you, but there is something about a fresh, flaky, homemade pie crust.
These ceramic pie weights are wonderful for making nice, even crusts without shrinking or bubbling.
They wash up easily, and the plastic container is perfect for storage.
what can you say about pie weights, except they are the only way  (I think) to bake a perfect pie crust.
not too heavy, not too light...just the perfect size and weight for keeping the bubbles out of your pie crust.
I finally purchased these weights to use for baking my empty pie crusts.
But be sure to soak and wash them before using them the first time.
and then lay them out to dry over night.
I also washed out the container to get the &#34;ceramic dust&#34; out of it.
Now I have a great container to store these weight in when they are not being used.
I don't know why I waited so long to purchase these.
they really help in baking a pie shell.
I tried these out the other night when making pie crust and they distributed the heat well and helped the crust lay flat.
If you make pies, this is a must for blind baking the crust.
They suggest laying a piece of parchment paper in the bottom and then adding 2 cups, which is 2 containers, of pie weights.
Bake the crust at 375 for 25 minutes, remove weights and parchment paper, and bake an additional 10-15 minutes.
Used once so far- interesting !  But they do seem to work.
Bottom crust stayed nice & flat when in used them in Dec.
These are a really great set of pie weights that do the job nicely.
You will most likely need two sets for one pie though.
Also, the plastic container they come in isn't that great.
Mine was bent upon arrival and some of the weights had spilled out into the box.
I tried to straighten it but no luck.
I just put mine into a mason jar.
Other than that they are great and do the job.
I had always used rice or beans for weighting blind baked pie shells, but felt badly about wasting food.
Now I am guilt free, and I always have the right amount of weights for the shells.
The ceramic &#34; small marbles&#34; appear to be high quality and the storage box is compact and sturdy.
They appear to have a little manufacturing &#34;dust&#34; on them.
Give them  good rinse in a strainer and spread them out on a terrycloth towel for drying.
These worked exceptionally well and are now a staple in my baking experiences.
It's important to rinse these thoroughly before the first use - they're pretty dusty.
The package is useless for storage, unless you're putting them in a bag first.
These work perfectly for those pie crusts that need pre baking.
I've used dried beans for years when blind baking my pie crusts and finally decided to buy ceramic weights, as they conduct heat much better.
You will need at least two packages but they're worth it!.
I bought this because I didn't have quite enough pie weights, and hate using rice or beans.
Along with the weights I previously had, this makes quite enough.
I don't think it would be enough on its own, but perhaps I'm using too many?.
my family knows now that I'm not crazy they told me to use beans I will get more closer to the holidays.
Easy to store, in a good size that's not too big and not too small.
I used these over the weekend to make mini, bite sized quiches.
The tarts shells for the quiches turned out perfectly! The weights cleaned very easily too.
I just put them in a colander and ran hot water over them while swooshing them around.
FYI, the "reusable" package will not withstand the use of time.
Be prepare to store the weights some other way.
These weights would store just fine in the box.
They won't last forever, but it'll certainly last for a few years with some care.
And anyway, put 'me in a mason jar and let the concern go out the window...2.
I have tried other cheaper versions and they don't work as well as these.
I put them on my pies and the top crusts brown wonderfully without burning.
Also, I love that they can be put in the dishwasher and can be stored like plates.
If you are a pie baker, pie shields are a must-have, to avoid burning and scorching of the crust's edge.
It is a simple device, but does the trick.
Just my opinion, but, tradition is a big component of baking!  Just don't find silicone at all appealing.
Now my pies turn out perfect and nicely brown.
I have several brands of these sheilds and they are all good.
I don't think you could screw up this product and it sure beats  using foil.
This is so quick and easy to use when you want to control the browning of the edge of pie crust.
I have one of these and just needed another one because I often bake 2 pies at once.
This product has served me well in the past.
I love the cutouts for handles on my glass pie plates and it fits my pie plates perfectly!.
For years I took tin foil and carefully constructed it around the edges of my pie to keep the crusts a nice golden brown.
Not only was that wasteful, but it was also time consuming and not always successful.
I stumbled across these on Amazon and immediately purchased 2 of theMrs.
Anderson's 10-Inch Pie Crust Shieldbecause they were part of the 4-for-3 promotion.
Not much clean up is necessary and they store together nicely.
One of my biggest challenges in baking pies is to ensure that I don't burn the crust while baking the pie itself.
It fits my best pans, and I don't worry about my crusts any more.
I also took another reviewer's suggestion and sprayed the inside with oil prior to placing on the crust, and it worked like a charm.
This is a must have for anyone who hates burnt pie crust edges.
No more trying to make makeshift protectors from aluminum foil.
I bought this to go over frozen pie shells when making quiches.
The item works great and the pies come out like a store bought pie.The shield cleans easily and is lite weight.
After charring the crust of a blind-baked pie shell; I bought this crust shield.
It even has cut-outs to fit over the ears of the glass pie pans I have.
This fits most of my pie pans which are either glass, ceramic or metal.
I hand wash rather than run it through the dishwasher but it is easy to clean.
Like these so much am giving one to my daughter and daughter in law (along with recipe for food processor made pie crust).
Also, the shield washes up easily and comes out like new.
I had one ring from Pampered Chef, and have been wanting more for a long time.
I finally looked for one at Amazon, this was just what I wanted.
This is really what I have needed for years.
It still lets the crust brown beautiful and does not hurt the edges at all.
If you don't want your crust edges too brown, this is perfect.
It's meant to be used with an aluminum pie pan 10&#34;.
Arrived in nick of time and as described.
This aluminum pie crust ring is a kitchen essential.
I am well known in our community for my delicious pies.
They often sell for $100's at church and city auctions.
I have used these pie shields for years and would not bake a pie without them.
The shields do a great job of assuring that I don't have burnt edges on my pies.
I spray it inside with Pam non-stick cooking spray and put it on the pie before it goes in the oven.
Remove it when there are 15 minutes left in the baking time.
Your crust will be perfect when the pie is done.
The shields are worth every penny of their low price and go right in the dishwasher.
Get two for when you bake at holidays.
I like this shield and its much easier than attaching aluminum foil around the edge of a round pie.
It's easy to put on and take off and does protect the pie crust from over browning.
If you bake a lot of pies this is a must have in your kitchen.
It's also difficult to judge beforehand whether your pie plates will fit the shield.
If you run water over it to cool it down, it's possible to warp it.
Putting it in the dishwasher doesn't seem to bother it.
This item, with the 4 for 3 promotion and super saver shipping, makes the price better than what it sells for in the supermarkets.
This is an easy way to protect pie crusts from over-browning or burning.
Much easier than wrapping tin foil, to be sure, although I am not sure it is any more effective.
I've used both methods, and it all comes down to personal preference.
This is faster and easier - just drop it into place and lift it off when the baking is done.
I got these to go with a pie set (plate, shield, and pie weights) for a Christmas gift, and it was a hit.
I just ordered a second one of these pie crust shields so I can make two pies at a time.
I do home-made pies, and this shield fits most of my pie plates.
Anderson's shield (from a different vendor) that will work for reheating commercial pies.
I have always struggled with the foil-wrapping of pie crusts so they don't burn as they pie cooks.
This is a great tool and makes it so easy to preserve your crust--a no-brainer for anyone who bakes pies.
I rarely make one pie at a time.
Anderson's 10-inch pie crust shields a couple of years ago and have used it many times.
It does a great job of covering the edge crust on a baking pie, to keep it from browning too much as the filling cooks.
I take the shield off during the last 15 minutes of baking and the pie crust is perfect.
A 9-inch shield would be too small for my 9 or 9.5 inch Pyrex pie pans so I got the 10 inch shield.
I just messed up the top of a pumpkin pie today, trying to remove the silicone shield.
I was trying to grab it with pot holders and it bent and dipped into the top of the pie.
Rats!I'm here on Amazon today to buy a second Mrs.
Anderson's pie crust shield, since that will let me bake two pies at the same time for Thanksgiving and Christmas.
It does stop the edges from burning, and it is easy to clean, too.
I don't bake a LOT of pies, but when I do, I really appreciate having this little guy to protect the pie crust's outer edge!.
Good priceNo more aluminum foil that takes forever to put on and then may fall off before you get the pie in the oven.
What's there not to like?  Instead of using aluminum foil, you just pop this shield around your pie crust edges and avoid the burning.
What a simple idea, but it works well.
Never used a shield before and suffered too brown crusts.
Using a shield is just so obvious now that I've used it!  But I need one in a larger diameter.
I have used the guards for some 10 years and I bake the pies in my family.
The trick with the guard is to LEAVE them on the entire time you bake to protect your edge.
The crust does not look any more/less baked than the top.
I was thrilled to find the 9" ones.
I have several of these and they really get a work out at Thanksgiving and Christmas.
The 9&#34; is a perfect fit for the ready made pie crusts.
I used to use foil to wrap edges.
This product is so much easier and great at protecting the edges from getting burnt.
Handy item to have, way better than my previous heavy-duty foil protectors.
Offers great protection for any pie crust, and item holds up well over time.
say goodbye to tediously lining your pie with foil, and having the foil fall off and burn the pie crust.
but make sure to get the one that fits your pan.
I have a lot of 9 inch pie pans and this was a little big for them....but it covered most of the crust.
It does smoosh the crust, so if you want a "pretty" crust, this will not work for you.
Overall, if left on the entire baking time the crust comes out only a little darker than the rest of the pie crust.
Gone are the days of carefully applying aluminum foil to pie crust edges as Mrs.
Anderson's Pie Crust shield will solve the problem pronto!I absolutely love this handy kitchen gadget as it makes all my pies look like art.
I use them all the time when I bake pies.
Silicone is kind of floppy, these can be lifted onto (or taken off of) half-done pies without pulling them out.
So if you notice that you need them, you can put them on in a second.
I usually start without them, then when the crust is just starting to turn golden, I reach in and lay them on.
You can also start with them on and pull them off if you see that your crust isn't as dark as you like.
I have had thick pumpkin or apple pies that took a little over an hour to cook and my edge crusts stayed perfect.
It was nice to not have to crumple up aluminum foil to cover my pie crusts to keep them from over-browning.
These pie crust shields worked their miracle and looked nice while doing it.
I'm very pleased to have added these wonderful pieces to my kitchen.
I have a silicone pie crust cover and somehow it just never fits right or stays put.
I got tired of tearing off aluminum foil and shaping it around my pie crusts to prevent burning.
This tool is quicker, cheaper in the long run, keeps the crusts from going black and looks charming.
It is so lightweight that it will not effect any crust designs.
I am using the 9" on my 9" pie pans and have no problems at all, the fit is perfect.
What can I say? It's a crust shield.
Easy to wash and not as heavy as the silicone shields.
Didn't smash my pie crust as did the heavy silicone.
A serious foodie that has been perfecting her cooking skills for the last 25 years in her home kitchen writes this review.
My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America and "Culinary Artistry".
They make beautiful fruit tarts, cheesecake, chocolate pecan squares, bar cookies, brownies, etc.
I think they would make beautiful pizzas for a buffet, but I have not tried that yet.
They are very versatile if you love to entertain.
These pans are large enough to get 12 generous servings for a buffet.
I cut the item down the middle lengthwise and then make five cuts along the narrow end.These pans are well made.
They are thicker and more durable than I anticipated.
I do make certain to dry them thoroughly before I store them in the cabinet.
If you love to entertain, I would recommend purchasing more than one of these.
I have two, and now am contemplating purchasing two more.
This pan is so easy to use and produces gorgeous results.
I just spray it with Pam and everything I bake comes out easily.
A reasonably priced great addition to my bakeware.
Nice tart pan, but I'm giving 4 stars because it's just a little flimsy...I'm afraid it will bend easily.
A long, narrow dish was called for, and this tart pan worked very well.
It allowed for neat slices, and it's removeable bottom facilitated this nicely.
The rectangular fruit tart is so much more impressive than the round one.
This is the perfect tart pan!  Doesn't stick.
I needed a deep tart pan for a pumpkin cheesecake tart for a holiday affair.
I wanted a deep dish tart pan that would hold up.
The pan is sturdy and the tin sides have had no issues with warping or buckling.
It also cleans up easily with minimal effort.
This pan is so nice that I am sorry I didn't buy it sooner.
Without the removable bottom I would not recommend this since I have no idea how you would ever get anything out of it.
With the removable bottom I love it since it is easy to get pies out of it.
If you want large, as well as deep, quiche, custard pies or tarts, these are the pans.
Just remember to cover the outsides, tightly, with foil, if you're going to use a water bath, because the water will sneak in, otherwise.
Easy to remove the pie, which winds up looking great if you follow Alton Brown's recommendation to use a pie bird.
I also use silicon crust protectors to prevent charred edges.
This is a nice pan, but 2 cautions:1.
ALWAYS well-grease the pan, or you'll be sorry!2.
If you make a quiche, for example, and it leaks or overflows, be very careful how you clean it.
The size is great for extra room, and really big tarts.
It's made in France, and a bit pricey, but is better than the cheap "made in China" stuff.
So far, I've used it twice, and it cooks the crust evenly, and to a nice golden brown, yum!.
Exactly what I wanted, with the exception of the size.
Most steamed pudding recipes call for 12 cups, and this only holds 8, so you have to cut recipes down.
But other than the size issue, it performs beautifully.
I've made several puddings in it around the holidays, including the traditional plum pudding, with great results every time.
Wish they had a larger one on offer.
The item arrived in great condition and packed well.
I have one of my own and it work great.
Having had other pudding molds before, that rusted, were hard to open and close, these are superior.
Made of aluminum, no rusting, easy open, easy close.
Used them today for Jamaican Black Puddings that will be stored for a couple of months adding more rum regularly for soaking and aging.
For the price, this is more than acceptable.
The only negative is that it cannot be lifted by the lid once the pudding mixture is in it.
So, plan ahead and use a pot that's large enough to allow you to reach in and lift the mold out.
I was a little bit surprised how small they are, deffinetly not for dough, just for sugarcraft and this is what I use them often.
Love the handles and the ease of washing.
Makes clean, clear cuts with a little twist of your wrist.
I haven't used these yet, waiting for the fall.
I want to do them in oranges and browns like fallen leaves.
Even tho I haven't used them, I have handeled them and the spot welds seem to be secure and the edges are nicely finished.
I love that they fit in their own tin.
I live on the beach (really ON the beach) and corrosion is a big problem for me.
It seems like a small thing, but makes it quicker to put them away.
They arrived before I expected them and were well packed.
I live in Mexico and the mail can be unkind.
I purchased these because of the nice variety and size of the shapes.
I use these in my clay and ceramics projects.
The selection of the shapes gives a lot of variety for uses.
The metal cutters cut cleaner than plastic cutters and are easily stored once we're finished using them.
I love the variety in these cookie cutters.
Coupled with some new frosting designer tips I purchased, I've been able to make absolutely beautiful cookies with details never before possible.
Needed a cute little set of leaf cutters for pie crust.
A little larger than I wanted but they are great!.
I used them for scones and biscuits and shortbread and they worked great.
They would be great to purchase for a baby shower, a secret Santa gift for a baker or a cookie cutter collector.
I used them to cut decorations for pie crusts and mini cookies for the holidays.
I liked the crust decorations especially and will use them to decorate my pies on a regular basis.
Such a little touch makes a big difference.When baking the cookies I had to cut my bake time down considerably.
Watch them closely, the small cookies burn easily.
This is a nice cookie cutter set, either for baby showers or Carolina Tarheel fans.
This did the trick!  I needed to make cookies for a baby shower.
This set came packaged in a tin and gave three options for size.
Used these to make fondant leaves for cupcakes for an autumn 60th birthday.
The leaves are designed in a way that they are distinct, but do not fall apart when taken from the cutter.
These cutters are so cute but as another reviewer mention, the smallest one is VERY small.
On the plus side, you could make a LOT of cookies if you use it!.
Sturdy, and the three sizes are all you will need for any baking/cooking task.
I bought them with the regular round set - if you buy them together, you wont ever need to buy anymore! =).
this cutter works fine as long as you don't put any pressure on the handle.
I like the plastic case  this came in.
The cookie cutters are sturdy and good for cookies, making shaped eggs or pancakes on a griddle.
Quality product.sturdy construction that does not buckle like ordinary cooking cutters you would find in the baking section.
Really convenient that it comes in a nice round tin that holds them all.
I don't really use them for baking, I use them for plating designs etc.
but they do work very well for what they were intended.
Also works well for making round raviolis or cutting circles out of any type of dough.
It also comes neatly packaged in a very convenient container that helps to keep everything together and tidy.
You definitely can't beat the simplicity, convenience, and price of this set!.
These cutters are sturdy and durable; they do an excellent job.
Plain rounds on one end and fluted rounds on the other give you a total of ten options.
This set is very nice it has quite a few sizes in it.
Because they are steel you can use them for anything burger patty sizing, cookies, fondant, cake etc.
The top is rounded so you can press with your hand pain free unlike unfinished round cutters.
The only thing to remember is that they need to be dry before going into the container r they rust.
The glue on the top of the container is heavy so don't try to wash that off unless you have some goo gone.
Reduces the need to re-roll the dough, which toughens some biscuits.
Can get more biscuits from a given roll-out of dough.
I've since noticed that commercial &#34;biscuits in a can&#34; use the same hexagon approach.
My girls use these for everything!!  From making sandwiches to play-dough.
I wonder if I'll ever get to use them.
LOL  I've had them several yrs and they haven't lost their shape.
I bake a lot and having a nice, sharp cookie cutter is a must.
I lobe these cutters, becasue they come in 4 perfect sizes and they are very sharp and tall.
I purchased the Plain Round set for it's versatility.
I haven't used them for cookies yet, though these would be perfect for them.
I have used several of the smaller cutters to create my own "lunchable" style lunch for my kiddo to take to school.
This way, when my kiddo assembled the stacks, you could see what each item was.
My kiddo thought it was the coolest lunch I've ever packed.
I let mine air dry after washing and they were fine, even after several washes.
The cutter set is a big hit at my house.
I can finally make biscuits in a manly size.
I would highly recommend these to everyone who loves to bake.
The Ateco rings cut perfectly, and made my process easy and smooth.
I love the 11-piece set because there is so much flexibility, whether you're making biscuits, cookies, raviolis, or whatever.
However, if you put a bit of cornstarch in the bottom of the tin, these WILL NOT RUST! Guaranteed.
Wash and dry normally, but don't stress about whether or not there's a still a drop of water on them.
This set included 11 fluted round cutters in a metal box for storage.
They are a well-made product, which I expected for Ateco.
These are very nice and sturdy cookie cutters.
I also looked at Fox Run, but the products look not as well-made.
Yes, these are fabulous and even have a little can they come in, neatly stacked.
They come in a wonderful tin to keep them together.
The seams are connected better than they used to be which means less chance of rusting which is a huge plus.
There isn't much to say about round cutters.
The lip on the top makes for pain free pressing for continued use.
I recommend this set to anyone who does a lot of rolled cookies, marzipan/fondant flowers, biscuits and the like.
This product is well made and easy to clean and comes with various sizes for many types of doughs that you will be cutting.
i have been looking for something like this a long time.
my search is no longer and i must say that this is exceptional quality at a little cost.
this is my second buy of those cutters, and the old works just as the new.
They are perfect for my uses in wax or clay.
I have looked for years for something like these.
I like them, I like their tin, I like how they nest.
On the whole they are the best thing to ever happen to my scones and biscuits.
If you make sandwich rolls or doughnuts, the large cutter is a must.
They cut through biscuit dough nice and clean so the biscuit expands nicely as it is baked.
These cutters worked very well for what I was using them for, but they are just a tad big for cupcakes.
I finally got these when I started making doughnuts and bagels at home.
The size variety meets whatever needs I throw at it and the tin they come in is very handy.
This cookie cutter set has round cutters from VERY small size to a nice large size.
The smaller ones can be used to cut vent holes in fruit pie crusts so you can see the fruit inside.
The medium and larger ones are good for round cookies cut from rolled dough.
Then fit nicely in the tin they come in, which makes them easy to store without losing any.
I agree with another reviewer that once the cookies bake, you can't really tell they are crinkle-edges.
But it works and there is a variety of sizes, so it isn't a horrible buy.
I love that they all fit nicely in a tin.
This set was just what I'd been looking for.
So many size options in a small footprint.
My kitchen is small with little storage space, so anything that takes up little space and performs big tasks is welcome.
I haven't used these yet but they're VERY well made and appear to be very sturdy.
I'm looking forward to useing them when I get a chance to do so.
The come in their own container and the lid fits snuggly so you don't lose any pieces.
I plan on purchasing more cutters like these in different shapes.
These have so many uses if you are a crafter/baker.
The price here on Amazon is the best available anywhere.
I was pleasantly surprised to find that these cutters are very well made.
They are solid and durable and comfortable to handle.
These were exactly what I was looking for to cut out pastry leaves for my pies.
Perfect small size for cutting these shapes and small cookies.
Stainless steel, hand wash and dry...no problem, no rust.
these cutters are perfect for giving your plate presentation a little edge and intrigue...really great quality and price i recommend this.
No complaints! My wife uses these to make nice round sugar cookies.
They seem durable and we've had no problems with them so far.
Nice cutting edge on the cutters, smooth cuts.
The rolled top edge makes it easy on the hands when cutting mulitple cookies etc.
I really liked this Ateco 7 pieces stainless steel leaf cutter set, great price, nice material and I recommend it.
I didn't &#34;need&#34; these, but I love them and manage to find many uses for them.
I actually purchased them for baking purposes, but they're so small, I was not able to utilize them.
I gave them to my 4 year old who has been using them for his playdough.
I regularly make homemade buttermilk biscuits from scratch.
I grew up using a "perfectly" sized drinking glass to cut the dough.
Through the decades, that "biscuit cutter" has broken or been lost.
Recently, I have been unable to find the "perfect" cutter, so I started searching the web for genuine cutters.
From descriptions I did not like the sizees presented, and I thought the pricing was too high.
The press on this set described sizes that were close to the one I liked.
They were stainless steel, so I could avoid the breakage.
There were two sizes on either side of the one I wanted, and the price was so-so.
I have grown accustomed to the larger size, and I am pleased with the shape of my biscuits.
The cutter is easy to dust and sharp enough to cleanly slice even my stickier doughs and it is very easy to clean.
The set can store in my special rolling pin, pastry scraper, measuring spoons/cups drawer without causing a clutter.
I highly recommend the set for cutting buiscuits.
There is nothing fancy, but it is effective.
I am not sure what more can be said.
I love the can they come in it keeps them nice and neat.
I do wonder if you really need all 11 pieces of this set.
I use these cookie cutters for ceramics class.
They are GREAT for that use!  I do not use them for baking.
Nice cutters-solidly made, tall enough, and easy to clean.
I loved this different sizes of the same cutter.
I loved how it comes with it's container for the cutter and you don't have to worry where to put it.
I loved this cutter, it was a great price & material; easy to use cutters.
these are great quality and I bought them to use for many baking projects.
I have dropped one cutter without any damage.
An classic and awesome little set that I am grateful to own.
Perfect for petit fores as well as sandwiches, and vegetables.
Just be sure to clean the cutters in hot soapy water and dry right away.
I dry all tips and cutters in the oven on warm.
If I had found these sooner it would have made my life so much easier in the kitchen.
This item has every size you could possibly want and then some all in a nice, neat, compact unit.
Easy to clean, easy to use, easy to store.
I use them for everything from biscuits to cookies to coring apples and other fruits.
And I received very high quality that expected that, good adaptations for preparation of dishes.
At preparation the irreplaceable assistant, it is convenient in storage.
What is unique about this one is the shape.
It allows you to cut biscuits with no scraps.
They're smaller than individual cutters typically found in stores.
They're perfect for my needs -- cutting dough to decorate pies, and for party cookies.
It took me a few minutes to get them fitted back in their small, flat tin; it was like a puzzle.
Decent enough quality, I wash and dry by hand.
Smartly designed with good detail, yet I found it easy to extract the dough without ruining the shapes.
It stores in a really small place and is built to last.
These cutting rounds come recommended by America's Test Kitchen and now by my kitchen.
These are great for biscuits, cookies, and other round cooking applications.
i don't think i will use all the sizes.
I use these cutters for ceramics and clay projects.
The storage container and variety of sizes makes this a great value.
Metal works so much better than plastic and personally I feel they clean up easier and faster than the plastic cutters.
Good sturdy cutters with a myriad of uses.
Only problem is that the box does not hold up as a storage container.
That's great, but what is better is the fact that it is stainless steel! washes nicely.
Perfect for baking at holidays and throughout the year.
Great assortment of sizes, comes in very handy.
A great compact set of round plain edge biscuit cutter set.
The price is reasonable for the quality which is adequate for a home cook that uses them periodically and not daily.
The variety of sizes allows me to make different sized biscuits, scones and doughnuts simply.
The top of the cutter has a safety edge and the bottom edge is sharp enough to cut through different types of dough without difficulty.
You can also use the cutters as a food mold.
I plan on getting the square and diamond sets as well as having all these sets allows me to cook creatively.
I was really surprised how nice these were when I recieved them.
I wanted a bigger cutter for making large biscuits and also to make shortcakes for strawberries.
They are sharp and have come in handy for other items like monster cookies.
As with most stainless steel products, these cutters are made in China.
These are perfect for so much baking, scones, biscuits or cookies (also sandwiches)'  can't wait to use them for my next tea.
A must-have for anyone who would like to give their petits four a professional look.
Where have you been all my life??? I LOVE these cutters! they are well made as MOST ateco products.
I love that the product arrives in a container so you do not easily lose the pieces.
If you make a variety of cookie or buscuit sizes these are wonderful.
Works well for cutting biscuits, donuts, or cutting out the center of bread for eggs-in-a-basket.
Will certainly find more uses in days to come.
Made great cookies and shaped food for the kids.
This is not a kitchen tool my wife uses oven - but she loves having all the sizes available.
I bought the set for general purpose cooking and plating.
The sizes are pretty nice for what I want to do and offer me just enough flexibility for a number of tasks.
They appear to be well made and did arrive well packed and perfectly round.
Durable cutters for a decent price, what every proffesionsl cook needs.
The carrying tin is handy for storage and fits easily into s knife rolls pocket.
I'm actually using these for needle felting to get the end products to be the same size.
They work perfect for what I am using them for, but I can not speak to the cookie making side of it.
They are sturdy, with a lot of diff sizes and that is just what I was looking for.
I buy a lot of cutters for my Polymer Clay jewelry pendants.
They need to be accurately shaped, as they are not for biscuits.
LOL I found that the cheaper brands are not as perfectly shaped.
These round cutters are one of the best products i own.
They require little to no effort in using and clean up is easy.
I purchased this set of cutters to make Linzer Tarts.
I LOVE that I can now make them in MANY sizes!.
We made do for a long time without these, cutting biscuits out with a glass, etc.
I wish we had gotten them sooner, though.
They work great for cutting out biscuits and cookies, wash easily, and have every size you need.
We got these on recommendation from America's Test Kitchen.
These are great and so many sizes!  So versatile from biscuits to cookies to finger sandwiches, would definitely recommend to all cooks!.
This set is well made and I like them.
They are a bit of an odd size, for me anyway.
I bought them to make shortbread cookies and they are kind of fat and squat instead of the long finger shape I needed.
It's not a huge deal -  just an FYI.
These cutters are easy to work with and are nicely sized for most cakes.
Terrific for many kinds of cookies and art projects.
Stainless hexagon cutters...they do what they're designed to and they appear to be well made.
Becareful after you heat them...they get deceptively hot.
I use these for my sandwiches and bento box lunches.
They also come in handy for decorating bento box art- because circles are often the basis for various designs I make.
You do need to keep these dry, so wipe them off carefully.
So far no rust, and I use these little guys constantly.
Love the fact that they all fit inside of each other in a container with a lid.
This is an indespensible set of tools from one of the top manufacturers.
These are really great cutters in so many sizes.
I appreciate the container to hold them, too.
Bought these because I needed my own set for school.
Really saved my butt and now I don't know what to do with them.
I guess I can make multiple-sized biscuits haha.
As a professional Chef, I like these cutters as they are precise and thin.
The plastic ones are too thick and much harder to use.
I bought these along with a set of square cutters.
And I use these cutters for just about everything,  Cutting crepes, Ham, and of course cookies.
I hand wash mine and dry by hand and then put them away till the next time.
I would expect these to last a very long time.
Over the years, I've collected lots of cookie cutters.
I keep most of them in a plastic storage box in my pantry because I try to keep my kitchen drawers from getting too cluttered.
Ateco is a quality manufacturer of baking accessories.
This set has 11 plain round stainless steel cutters in graduated shapes, from 3/4 inch to 3 5/8 inches.
I find that most of the cutters are too small for anything other than specialty baking.
Although Ateco says that their cutters are dishwasher-safe, I hand wash mine because I've found that the dishwasher doesn't always get them clean.
I like the rounded tops of them so it's easy on my fingers when I press on the cutters.
Quality product at a very good price, just what I've come to expect from Amazon.
But my love language is baking so this was really exciting to crack open.
I've made cookies and biscuits and have lots of diabolical plans for these babies.
I have several different shaped cutters that Ateco makes.
You can make the perfect rolled out sugar cookies, biscuits, donuts, and more.
It's just an all around perfect cutter, I love it.
I don't know what happened or if I got a returned item but my package was opened and all over the box when they arrived.
They seem fine but truthfully I have not used them yet.
This product is a must have for baking.
I have a few of the sets, it's nice having the same great cutters in incrementing sizes.
But this is the exact same cutter but bigger/smaller.
So I can either make different sizes of the same EXACT shape.
I have not seen it rust yet, but from other reviews I will try to be more cautious.
I am a person who loves to cook and this set of dough cutters is perfect for my biscuits.
I make big ones for my husband, but I like small ones with crisp bottom crust and this set has the perfect sizes.
This product is wonderful for biscuits or cookies alike due to the height of the cutter.
I use these as cookie cutters all the time for special holidays and occasions.
Ateco is a trusted brand for me and very sharp cutters makes clean cut outs.
cut really well and are very easy to clean.
I think  I will be using them quiet often.
I store them in the tin with some cornstarch to keep them from rusting.
I use them about once a week in a professional kitchen.
The tin has a bit of rust on the top of the lid.
Nice sharp edges, plenty of variation in size.
I'd replace them with the same product if I lost them.
Dropped a star because the sizes aren't stamped on each cutter.
Not that I don't have a ruler, but it would have been more convenient when a recipe calls for a specific diameter to be cut.
These cutters will do the job for you if you need cutters for cookies or other dough.
They seem to be well made and having the tin to store them in is a great bonus.
They are sharp enough without being so sharp that you would cut yourself on them and rigid enough to handle the job.
It was so nice to throw away my old tuna can that I had used as a cutter for too long.
I am thrilled with the quality of this set.
Extremely well made with every size imaginable in a handly storage tin for a very reasonable price.
But just make sure they are dry before putting them away, and I'm sure you will be as happy as I.
I've used these cutters all of one time and I already love them.
With all of the size options there is no problem getting the right sized circle I need.
The reinforced top (rounded edge) is nice and I really don't feel as those these cutters are flimsy like some are.
I do a lot of baking that requires rolling and cutting.
MANY VARIED USES AND MULTIPLE SIZED DONUTS IF YOU PREFER.
If you use these sorts of things a bit, worth buying a set...lots of different sizes.
They are well constructed and easy to clean after use.
Just wash and dry after use to avoid any rusting problems and store away in the convenient tin which they come in.
I particularly use them for making lunch treats in my Bento Box which I also purchased from Amazon.
Much taller than I expected, but still work wonderfully.
Can be used as cookies cutters, but depth also make them perfect for brownie cutters and other cake cutting.
We have both the straight and fluted cutter set and they work great.
Just sharp enough to get the job done and they store and clean well.
I haven't actually used these yet, but I am very familiar with Ateco cutters.
It was nice to find a set with 6 petals.
I plan to use these soon to make fondant roses.
I absolutely love these cutters! I use them for fondant mostly, they are high quality and love the variety of sizes it comes with.
I own another set of circle cutters from Foxrun and they don't even compare to these Ateco cutters.
I'm giving it 4 stars because the container could be little bigger.
I use these to cut fondant for decorating cakes.
They are quite sharp and do a great job (not sharp enough to hurt you).
When done, you can just cover them up and put them away until the next use.
This set of cutters is an excellent value.
Yes, there are more expensive options, but if you take care of these cutters they will serve you well for a very long time.
I specifically wanted fluted cutters for shortbread cookies.
The assorted sizes give you the ability to cut out centers for jams, etc.
Great product, you will not be disappointed with this set.
i have had these for a while now and have not had any problems with them.
them seem to be holding up just fine.
i also wash them in the dishwasher and have not had any problem with them rusting.
I ordered these to use in my polymer clay pieces.
I work with small pieces, and these were perfect for the job.
I love these!  The variety of sizes allows me to pick whatever size I want.
My mother baked a lot of cookies as did both of my grandmothers.
I purchased these graduated cutters sometime ago and I must say they get quite a work out.
I bake a lot for friends, groups and clubs and have constant orders for various sizes.
They have a very nice keen edge to them and store well.
As has been pointed out, they do rust so I always make sure they are well washed and well dried.
A very, very thin coat of olive oil helps which is washed off each time I use them helps a lot.
I paid almost three times the amount offered here for my set.
Use these on a daily basis for our home based cake business and they work like a charm.
Pretty accurate round cutting with this Ateco said, very satisfied.
I have used them to make small cookies and to make rolls for my family to eat.
They hold up well to washing and fit together nicely for storage.
The pastry cloth is perfect for rolling out pie crusts.
It keeps the dough from sticking and making a mess.
When you are finished all you do is shake out the flour and store.
As soon as I received the cloth and rolling pin cover, I had to use both items.
The pastry cloth is the best I have ever used.
As for the rolling pin cover, it is longer than the rolling pin so I cut one end to shorten it and folded it under.
The cover is more sturdy than one purchased at a regular store.
Purchased two - one for Mom (she turns 99 this month) and one for myself.
Dough is easy to roll out and does not stick.
A good quality cloth and cover, looks like it will last.
No more sticky dough on the counter !.
I have used pastry cloths for years and couldn't find the one I had after Christmas.
I use them for making buns, biscuits, pie crusts etc.
The title tells it all, but here are the details.
Ateco&#8217;s cloth is a generous 25&#8221; x 20&#8221;; a little larger than some of its competitors.
The treatment applied to the canvas helps it repel grease and moisture.
There is no need to wash it if you handle it properly.
(The directions for washing/drying are included in the user&#8217;s guide.)&#8226; Prevent the cloth from moving as you roll.
To do this you will need to place it over a board, tucking its edges under it.
Buy four small suction cups; one for each corner.
Using paper clips (or small metal office paper clasps) put one at each corner.
Place each suction cup on your work surface (laminate, tile, granite, etc.), spaced just far enough apart for the pastry cloth to be gently pulled.
Now attach each clip to a suction cup.
You can now roll without the pastry cloth shifting on your work surface.
If you are handy, you could attach grommets to each corner and simply hook each one onto the suction cups.
With proper care, it should wear just fine.As for the rolling pin cover, generously flour it before using and scrape off any excess dough.
The more flour it absorbs, the better it will work.
It is a heavier gauge, like a sock.
I don&#8217;t know if all their pin covers come with ends finished like mine or, it was a fluke.
Really, it is necessary to read the guide first.
Pre-treating your pastry cloth and rolling pin cover will save you time and work and your end result will be that much better.
I'm returning to the old fashioned pastry cloth and rolling pin cover.
The big plastic mat I've been using is too hard to clean in my average size sink.
The only complaint I have is that the rolling pin cover is way too long.
I took piece of non-skid shelf liner and cut it a little smaller than the pad and this works well.
I really like the rolling pin cover, too.
I keep the cloth, pin cover and non-skid pad together in a 2 gallon ziploc bag when I'm not using it.
I really like using the pastry cloth and am quite pleased with it.
I bought this when I decided to learn how to bake pies.
I wasn't sure I would be successful so didn't want to spend a lot on fancy products.
This basic set has allowed me to make really delicious pies.
It's not as complex as it seems when watching cooking shows.
I bought mine ages ago at the New York Cake and Bakery, and to this day the edges are sharp and they've retained their shape.
They fit in neatly inside their little tin, and they're handy when making shortbread or other cut-out cookies.
especially the teeny heart that lets you cut hearts out of a heart.
Cleaning is a little tricky -- you should flour them before use -- but all in all, a wonderful product!.
I originally bought these for cookie cutters, but I was feeling adventurous and decided to try a new idea.
Using the big heart to make my daughters sandwich.
So I just put two pieces of honey wheat bread on top of each other used the biggest heart and tadah.
I am so excited about this purchase this can put a smile your loved ones face with this little gesture.
Not too mention it arrived in a timely manner!.
I wanted them for brownies, though, and although a little tricky to use on brownies, they do work.
These cookie cutters are so cute!  They are also easy to use, easy to clean, easy to store.
I have used a couple times to make short bread cookies.
They are definitely too sharp to use with a silpat but work good with dough rolled between parchment.
I have run them through the dishwasher with no rust and the can of them tucks away nicely in the utensil drawer.
I use these heart cookie cutters and they've always turned out nice and pretty.
These are not flimsy and does what it needs to do.
First, I should say that the set I got did not include any serrated-edge hearts, as pictured.
Mine were all smooth, which was fine with me, but FYI.
The cookie cutters are effective and you end up with a nice-looking heart shape.
I use them for cookies, of course, but also sandwiches for my 2-year-old, who is a picky eater.
And I will use these cutters on Valentine's Day, of course.
Clean packaging as well, Strong, well built, top quality product! Highly happy with this product! Do get them!.
I purchased these heart cutters to make a variety of desserts for Valentine's Day.
These cookie cutters are sturdy enough and deep enough to easily cut thick rice krispies treats without bending or getting stuck in the pan.
Likewise, they are sharp enough to cut nice clean cookie shapes and even jello hearts.
I've also washed them in the dishwasher (in the silverware basket) with no problem.
As another reviewer mentioned, however, please be aware that the item pictured (four cutters, some with wavy edges) is NOT the item you will receive.
The actual set is shown in the second picture - six straight-sided cutters.
I am a fan of Ateco Cookie Cutters and the Stars did not dissapoint.
I use them at least once a week for my daughters sandwhich for her lunch and she loves to see the star shape.
They are easy to cut even on bread and I get a nice clean cut.
I just wet a napkin and wipe it clean.
The storage container that it comes in is convient and small enough to not take up a huge amount of space.
This is the best little cutter set and i love the little container.
They are very clean cut and will make great cookie and fruit cutters.
Works perfect for what I need for cake decorating.
And nice to have the storage tin to keep them in.
I like the storage tin, which I also used as a cutter.
So much better than the thin plastic or tin ones I used to have.
I needed this shape for holiday pie crust topper and I bought the set.
I used these stars to cut thru soft fruit and cheese.
They looked great and held up pretty good considering we used them a lot.
These aren't the top-of-the-line cookie cutters, but I love the convenient case they come in.
I have used them for cookies, tea sandwiches, and brownies and everything comes out well.
The cutting edge is thin and sharp enough to get through layers of sandwich.
The top is just slightly thicker metal, so if you have to press hard, it will dig into your hands.
They definitely get the job done and are fantastic for the price.
These are just cute cookie cutters, and I purchased them as a Christmas gift for my Dad's wife.
While I have not used these yet, I expect them to be just fine, as they seem to be a nice weight.
These are sturdy stainless cutters (haven't washed yet, so I'm placing trust the descrip; and they appear good quality stainless)...Nice little nestling set sized 3.75&#34;-3.5/16&#34;-3&#34;-2.5&#34;-2.1/16&#34;-1.5/8&#34;.
Haven't had an opportunity to use them yet.
The tops we simply remove a small circle from the top piece that sits on the jelly.
No rusting when soaked in dish water, cuts cleanly, beautiful design.
They are all that I was looking for.
Love, love these! I use these as a mold for my cake pops, work perfectly.
Great quality as well, I would do it again!.
I love Ateco products...they are stainless steel and do not rust.
I use them for cake decorating and fondant/gumpaste...I definitely recommend their products.
Okay, I got tired writing reviews about  Ateco Cookie Cutter...I bought a lot.....and like I always said.
This kind of cookie cutter is good quality !!!!.
As a professional baker, this has become my go-to set for decorating my cakes and cupcakes.
It makes decorating go much smoother and doesn't put as much strain and pressure on your pastry bags, since these are very large tips.
I love how big swirls you can get with these tips.
You do not  really need a huge coupler because the bags will support the huge tips.
I am going to be using these for cupcakes and making rose swirls.
So happy, because I tried getting bigger Wilton ones but it never gave the nice swirls you need for the cupcakes.
I spent all morning making swirls and huge rosettes.
I'm used to using Wilton tips so maybe my expectations are low.
If I applied a little steady pressure on a Wilton tip between my fingertips, it would warp.
I doubted my skills as a decorator because of Wilton tips.
I shouldn't have thought about it for so long.
These tips rock! They are of quality stainless steel and seamless! So no worries about rusting.
I don't inadvertantly bend them when handling them so they are well made.
I can now pipe eclair bodies with prideful ease.These are very large tips.
You will need to purchase a large Ateco coupler if you are in need of a coupler.
They come organized in a somewhat sturdy, round clear plastic case.
The little thin plastic tray that sits on top of the tips to hold them in place is not very efficient.
That is my only complaint about this set, and it isn't even an issue with me.
I'm not going to keep them in the original case.
It costs a little more but it can't be beat on lifespan and performance.
A variety of patterns from small rosettes to a 2 inch (approximately) ribbon extruder.
I'm not an experienced decorator, but it's hard to imagine that I will need many more nozzles than this.
Lots of large tips that are hard to find.
In everything I do, I expect them to perform.
This is why I have to repair my car so much, this is why I have to reformat my computer every few months.
And this is why I always buy quality gear.And these are definitley quality.
They fit fine with my canvas pastry bag (except the large cake icer and the small round one.
They produce perfectly shaped icing or dough or whatever medium you choose to work with.
They're manufactured very well so that there are no seams or any other weak points.They're not cheap.
And that's the only real downside to them.
I'm pretty sure they'll just about never bend, break or otherwise fail.
Keep in mind they are really quite large - most of these aren't meant for intricate detail work.
As a result, they are great for things like cream puffs, eclairs, or swirls on cupcakes.
To me, this indicates mediocre quality control of some of the Warehouse Deals, especially when the discount wasn't very much.
I purchased this set to help me with my cake decorating.
They work wonders by allowing you to use bigger borders on larger cakes.
Also, they make quick work of cupcakes.They come in a case which helps me keep them organized.I didn't buy any couplers to match the set.
But I have a piping bag that is cut to fit these large tips.
you can't switch tips without changing the bag.
But that's cause to give it 4 starts.So if you anticipate wanting to change tips.
buying a Ateco large size coupler is needed.
I could fit a fingertip through most of these.
They are perfect for the current cupcake fad.
I appreciate having a selection without having to buy each tube separately.
This is what you need for frosting cupcakes.
You can't find these huge tips at a regular store.
I can fit a finger through the larger ones.
I love the cleaning brush and the storage container they come in although mine, unfortunately, arrived cracked, despite the adequate packaging.
This set consists of really large tubes, very handy for piping hearty items and decorating with big designs.
It comes in a sturdy plastic case and the tubes themselves are seamless and very substantial.
I would rec using a large size bag with these as a small bag wouldn't hold enough at all.
It's as good as my original tubes that I purchased 30 years ago.
It also comes in a nice container to help keep them from being damaged.
These tips offer a wide range of tips for cupcake and I would guess cake decorating.
I have some other Wilton tips, but these feel better made.
Specifically, since there is no seam on them that would create a weak point.
If you like to make/decorate cupcakes this is a MUST.
Great tips I use them all the time and I am finally starting to get the hang of it.
Simple to use and easy to care for.
Of course you have to have the large coupler to use these, which I got from Amazon.
This a great assortment for cupcakes and cakes.
I bought these on a whim and now I am not sure how I lived so long without them.
They are sturdy, perfectly constructed, and haven't rusted on me (I wash them in warm water after use and let them air dry).
Frosting professional looking cupcakes is a effortless and these tips give them the perfect ridged accents.
LOVE that there is a little brush to help get into the grooves and that the storage container help keep things orderly.
I am sure there are many others worth considering.
Just make sure it has the metal insides.
They keep your beverage cold or hot much longer than plastic on the insides.
Not sure why anyone would write anything negative about this perfect mug.
I've purchased countless numbers of mugs that are advertised as thermal and drip proof.
The Nissan lives up to those terms and then some.
The high quality construction makes this a very attractive mug.
The cover tightly screws on resulting in an impenetrable seal.
The snap fit cover for the drinking hole is so tight it has never opened the countless times I've dropped the mug on hard surfaces.
As long as this mug is made, I will never purchase another.
Run it through the dishwasher to clean it.
The rubber band around the middle is a little funky.
Nice to grip but it stretches out and I imagine will eventually have to be discarded.
My husband bought me one of these years ago and I loved it.
On trips, people were always asking where I got it.
It is exceedingly attractive, easy to hold, fits almost any cup holder and keeps drinks hot for an extended period of time.
Plus, like most of these cups, it's better to not put it in a dishwasher.
And it's not absolutely spill proof like the OXO one but easier to drink from.
I would unhesitatingly recommend this product to a friend.
I got my first one of these mugs as a Christmas Present in 1989.
I used it nearly everyday since, 20 years of trouble free service.
Well after all this time, The seal is finally so worn on it that it leaks, so I ordered another one.
This is by far the best insulated travel mug there is, once again the Thermos brand leads the way.
Buy this mug and give it a little care and it'll last you a good long time.A few tips:Keep the seal clean.
a Wet Q-tip swabbed around the seal every now and then will keep the seal free of crap and will keep it from failing.
Rinse thoroughly and it will stay looking new.
4 stars for keeping coffee hot/warm for up to 3 hours.
As my wife would gladly tell you, I am mildly obsessed with insulated mugs and tumblers.
I have had dozens of them from many different vendors, some cheap, some very expensive.
I remember one in particular that guaranteed no leaks, and even had a spring mechanism that applied pressure between the lid and the stopper.
Eventually, the tension weakened, and it leaked.This Nissan Stainless tumbler is my favorite of all of the ones I have tried.
I had it during college, but lost it, and ended up buying another one after going through many other models.
It's not the most leak resistant, but it is the best insulated by far.
You can easily leave ice in it overnight and still wake up to ice.
I highly recommend it, and plan on getting one for my sister-in-law for Christmas.
Keeps my coffee hot for a lot longer than the cheap plastic WalMart style insulated tumblers.
Yes, if this cup gets knocked over, it WILL spill; hence my minus one star.
I've already had a couple spills, but I knew this before buying it.
(and, I didn't think I would need the 'no spillage' feature.
Bought wrong.)  It does, however, keep my coffee/tea hot for over 4 hours!  I love the grip strip in the middle of the cup, too.
You can stop reading now since the rest is just filer for Amazon reviews which require a certain number of words?.
They are great!  Keeps coffee hot, and no spills.
They don't leak like some other travel tumblers that I have purchased, which is definately a plus.
I keep this in my office for tea.
I find the 14oz capacity perfect for 1 teabag.
Hope the company can make a replacement lid for us that would fix this issue.
You want hot coffie an hour after you poured it well this is the product.
This Nissan lever travel mug fits easily in automotive cup holders.
It's my cup of choice for commuting because of its spill resistance and ease for slipping into even  cranky cup holders.
Coffee stays hot for hours particularly if you prewarm the mug with hot water.
Cold beverages stay cold all day.Another reviewer mentioned difficulty seating the lid.
He must have a defective one because I have three of these mugs and the lids screw on easily and have never leaked.
The only leakage incident has been when I unintentionally pressed the lever.
I don't know why I waited this long to buy this.
This travel tumbler is exactly what it is designed to be.
Keeps the coffee very hot, doesn't weigh a ton, and won't drip over your lap while driving, assuming you've screwed the top on correctly.
It is not, not leak proof, which means if you turn it completely over it will definitely leak where the top screws into the body.
I previously used a similar Thermos travel mug.
Only difference was it wasn't leak resistant (eg didn't have the locking handle).
It's basically the same size so it fits in my car.
I don't really care about keeping my coffee hot for hours but I do like the fact that prevents leaks.
The only thing I noticed is that the lid must be screwed on really tight or it will leak.
If you're looking for a good travel mug you can't go wrong with this one.
Very easy to drink from and keeps liquids hot/cold for hours (if I put hot coffee in it will still be warm 3 hours later).
It won't keep it piping hot like a vacuum flask will but then again they're not as easy to drink from.
This is a really nice cup which has a positive seal.
It may be more money than a typical travel mug but you get what you pay for.
I've owned one of these for over ten years and other than a few small dents, it's held up perfectly with almost daily use.
Of course, with a lifetime warranty, my original mug will probably outlast me.
I was also pleased to see the mug is nearly identical to my old mug.
I keep this thermos mug on my desk at work.
I have had it for a month and I am very happy with it.
Very easy to sip out of, no drips, no mess.
I have been purchasing these exact travel mugs for 15 years.
there are none better, does not spill or leak.
I'll try clarifying the bases of my own evaluation, which places the "Ultimate's" performance somewhere between the very good/very bad polarity I see here.1.
Practically speaking, however, it's not that important:  You won't leak or spill a hot beverage if the "tumbler" is basically upright.
The rubberized grip surrounding the center provides a comfortable and secure grip.2.
TEMPERATURE:  I found that it does NOT keep my beverage very hot for hours.
At 45 minutes, my coffee was still very hot, but noticeable cooling occurred after about an hour.
You can minimize temperature reduction by pre-warming the tumbler with very, very hot water, and filling it with the hottest possible drink possible.
However, even the double steel container doesn't hold in the heat nearly as well as the Nissan thermos.
This is probably the biggest disappointment, although a fairly negligible one personally (my longest drive is generally about an hour).
Those who insist on very hot coffee for periods of one hour or more, however, may be disappointed.4.
CLEANING: Yes, there is a small white ring around the top of the container for insulation.
I have not had any problem with accumulated debris, odors, or with other nasty things that reviewers have described.
Simply cleaning it after each use should do the trick; I'll update this review if I find the tumbler particularly resistant to cleaning.
A more important problem, then, is that its heat retention is unsatisfactory for periods much longer than an hour.
The Nissan 14-Ounce Leak-Proof Insulated Travel Mug, though not without its critics, also looks promising.
Bad enough that we run it through plastic in the coffee machine.
The only thing which I didn't  like about this product is that liquid droplets hang around the sip-hole  after you take a sip.
I wish the manufacturers would look into this and  improve the design in future.....For all the other features this product is  totally awsome.
My husband already had one of these and really liked it.
He wanted another one and I searched and searched, then found it on Amazon, of course.
It fits in the cup holder nicely and it's easy to pick up, press the handle and drink.
This is the second of two Nissan Ultimate Stainless-Steel Vacuum Travel Tumblers I have bought for my husband.
Nothing is wrong with the first, he just wanted a backup.
He uses the lever to open the lid when he drinks coffee in the car.
It doesn't spill or leak and keeps his coffee very hot.
This 14oz is the perfect size for my morning coffee.
It keeps my coffee fairly warm for the first 2 hours or so--after that, not really hot enough for me.
I have found that some leakproof mugs are harder to clean.
This particular mug is a great one and a classic really.
Since I have become addicted to loose leaf tea, I wanted a way to drink it on the go.
I use this tumbler nearly every day at work or at school.
The mesh catches all but the finest tea leaves, which do not bother me.
The entire piece screws together securely, and keeps the tea piping hot and secure even when sideways or shaken up in my bag.
It all comes apart again easily when it's time to clean.
I love this piece and have been using it for months now with great enjoyment.
I bout this as a gift for my wife.
She tells me that it keeps her tea hot for easily 3-4hrs.
She likes using the lid for both tea bags and loose leaf tea.
She is into drinking tea and know different types and altitude its grown, etc.
She says it doesn't alter the flavor of the tea and seems to keep it fresh.
She recommends this thermos to anyone who wants a good cup of tea to last for hours.
Well made does a great job brewing tea with the included brewing lid.
Only quibble- wish it was a bit larger.
I'm always looking for a better travel mug.
It doesn't leak if you get the lid screwed on right.
[I have had it leak a couple times when I didn't get it on quite right, however.] It keeps liquids hot for a long time.
My average is 5 hours, but that is hot coffee with milk added, so I'm starting with a slightly cooled beverage.
Piping hot liquid would probably go to 7 hours or more.I just tried the OXO Liquiseal and was disappointed.
I am now going back to this one.
Got this for a gift for someone & the only &#34;issue&#34; is that it's a bit small.
But other than that, it keeps the liquid hot/warm & works great.
Wow! This thing ain't playing games! Keeps my tea hot all day.
Love that you can strain tea in there.
Bought one for my mom and she loves it too!.
I purchased a pair of them several years ago and have not regretted my purchase.
During the winter months I frequently brew up a mug of tea to carry with me on my way to work.
It holds a teaspoon full of tea quite easily, even after it expands from the hot water.
I typically pour hot water directly over the leaves in the strainer and then secure the lid.
After several minutes of brewing I remove the strainer and then screw in the sipping lid.
The insulated lid then secures into the sipping lid to create a water and air tight seal.
Using this method for brewing my tea remains at a very high temperature for an exceeding amount of time.
This thermos can stay hot or cold for HOURS!!!! It is the best one I've ever owned.
It works well for tea bags or tea leaves.
What's nice is that you can put boiling water into it and the temperature on the outside of the tumbler barely elevates in temperature.
And in case you were wondering, it can be used equally well for coffee.
I make tea several times a day, and often have to add ice- this keeps things HOT for several hours.
Nothing beats ice cold water on a hot day.
I suppose for those who make their coffees in the morning and don't drink it until the afternoon, this would be perfect.
I would not recommend filling it up to the brim when using the tea infuser as the water will overflow.
Try letting it sit for a few minutes and then taking out the tea leaves.
For rapid brewing, simply flip the tumbler upside down.
It's slim and tall, like any handsome tumbler should be.
That's like a regular sized soda can for those of you wondering.
A lot of the space is used up for the insulation.
Nevertheless, as some other reviewers mention, it serves to keep your coffee intake in check.
Since I use it for water, I wouldn't mind it holding a bit more, but that's a rather petty complaint.Overall, this is an excellent tumbler.
Some might argue that it's a little expensive (I bought it at 18$, and I would say it's well worth the investment).
The quality of this tumbler justifies the price.
This a a very good idea for taking tea with you and using loose tea.
It keeps the tea nice and hot and the mug is pleasant to hold and has great capacity.
Two things that I wish were different:  the infuser and the lids.
The infuser is a great idea, but the mesh holes are much too wide for the tea I use.
So overall, a nice product with a few disapointments.
When I first bought this I wasn't super impressed.
However overtime I have learned to like this and use it often.
I found it works very well when I want to take only one cup of something hot with me in the car.
I use it without the infuser most often for coffee or hot chocolate.
It fits in my cup holders and I keep the lid on just incase.
Keeps the beverage warm for a hour or so.
It will fit in my adjustable bike bottle holder too.
I purchased this to keep my morning coffee hot at work.
It feels like a mug, but it is actually a thermos.
I have laid it sideways in my book bag and the contents have never leaked.
This tea tumbler keeps your tea so hot that it's almost too hot to drink.
It's almost impractical to brew a cup of black tea in it, because it won't be cool enough to drink for a loooong time.
I came back two hours later and the tea was still hot hot hot.
One of my pet peeves is tasting the container in my beverage.My two gripes with this tumbler are:* The insulation is ridiculously effective.
I guess they set out for zero tolerance for heat loss.
They really nailed it.* The screen on the infuser is too coarse, so a lot of the tea particles flow through into the beverage.
That doesn't bug me too much, but I know a lot of tea drinkers wouldn't stand for it.
Since we are using it for milk (for our coffee) it needed to be easy to clean.
It is not suppose to be run in the dishwasher but it looks study enough to handle it without the heat of the dry cycle.
Can definitely recommend this product, and it fits in the car drink slot as well.
If Tea is something you drink then get it, it's worth the risk.
Just got this as a birthday gift and love it!  It doesn't leak, seals wonderfully and is the perfect (smaller) size.
You can easily find large travel tumblers, although travel diffusers are limited.
This small size doesn't take up too much room in a purse, etc.
So, I put the tea underneath the strainer in the wider tumbler area and this worked fine.
I travel a lot and can't wait to start bringing loose tea with me  in a convenient space efficient manner.
Great, product, well made and worth every penny!.
It may not be stunning but it is pretty well made.
Easy to wash and works as it is intended to.
Her next request was her favorite type of tea to fill it with.
This is one of the best tea travel cups I have purchased.
Would definitely recommend it to those who want HOT tea on the go.
The first time I used this, I was all set to be disappointed, because hours after putting my coffee in, the outside was room temperature.
But I got a great surprise: Inside, it was still piping hot!Everything about this product is engineered thoughtfully and elegantly.
I haven't used it yet for tea, I confess.
I've just been leaving the infuser out and using it as a coffee thermos.
I love how it keeps heat inside, stays cool outside, and doesn't leak at all.
But if you keep them where they belong, this thing is an airtight, liquid-tight, and heat-tight delight.
I love drinking loose tea, but it always seemed like a 'process' that I rarely had time for.
This makes it so easy that I can prepare it in 30 seconds and take it for the commute to work.
My daughter fell in love with my Teavana travel mug.
It, however, will leak when not straight up.
Got this one because it had great reviews and is so far leakproof.
Has a nice tea diffuser included and really keeps the tea hot! I would recommend highly.
I use this bad boy for tea all the time.
This keeps your tea hot, for a very, very long time.
If you are in cold weather or want your beverage hot for a long time, this will work, very well.
Great infuser and keeps drinks hot all day! Only one problem is small pieces of tea leaves get through the strainer peice.
Keeps my iced tea freezing cold even if it is sitting in my car in the hot sun.
If you heat the tumbler with hot water before pouring in your hot liquid, it will stay hot or at least warm for 8 hours.
I have 2 of them that I purchased over 5 years ago.
I like to have tea at the movies & I stick it in my purse, it won't leak if screwed on tight.
If you're like me, you've lost count as to how many insulated tea/coffee mugs you've bought.
This item is like a personal sized thermos and I love how you can put your tea in then dash out the door.
and that's why I've docked this tea tumbler one star.
Together with the insulated double layer stainless walls (that part is just like the Nissan here), beverages stay pretty hot OVERNIGHT.
I'm going to call it rounded up from 3.5 stars for this minor defect, but it could be a deal breaker for the arthritic.
Ok, I bought this for my coffee, and was on my way to throwing out the tea strainer.
But I have several containers of loose tea so I am very glad I kept it.
Then flip the entire thing up-side-down to steep the tea.
This mug is everything it is advertised to be.
I am used to the average mug and after 15-20 min.
Well I made the mistake of drinking tea from this mug after 20 minutes and BURNED my mouth.
So when it says it keeps it hot, be warned - it is not like any other mug you have used.
I just bought this tumbler to take loose leaf tea to work.
This is perfect for steeping loose leaf tea.
It stays hot (or cold) for a very long time.
The build of this tumbler, like all other Thermos brand, just feels super durable.
Super sturdy stainless build will probably last a very long time.
My father has had his Thermos for coffee since he was in the national guard 20 years ago and it still works great.
You can trust the sturdy lid to not leak also.
As long as you make sure the gaskets and threads all line up.
Anyway, one of the great products out there.
I searched for days for a small water bottle and found this.
Perfect size, doesn't leak, and keeps drinks hot or cold for hours.
Even has an additional lid with tea basket.
Amazon almost always has difficult items to find.
Would definitely recommend this thermos for anyone not wanting to carry around a huge water bottle!  It's great!.
I was looking for a stainless steel tumbler with a leak proof lid.
It is absolutely leak proof so that I can just throw it in a bag and I don't have to worry about it leaking.
I bought one for myself, one for my son and two to give as birthday presents to tea loving friends.
I have been using this tumbler for around six years now (time flies), and it is still going strong.
Only &#34;wear&#34; is a few dings in the metal, and the seals have become stained brownish.
It will continue to drip for a while afterward, because the water is trapped in the base and can only drip out.
Not as bad as it sounds, just thoughts for a design improvement.Buy one!.
i use it every day, and it still looks almost brand new.
It keeps my tea hot for 7 hours when closed, or 4 hours when open.
The deep top keeps it from splashing on my lip when I'm riding the bus.Every product from this company is wonderful.
Bought this for my mom-in-law who is an avid tea drinker.
Said that it's convenient, holds the hot temperature well.
I can't speak to the tea strainer because I seem to have lost it.
There are two tops (without the infuser), and the lower one you drink from does not seem to *naturally* thread on straight.
This is extremely important to avoid any spillage.2) The lid grip is thin and hard to remove.
Once you screw on both the drinking top and the lid tightly, this tumbler won't leak (two silicone rings).
Otherwise, this does keep things hot/cold and is snazzy enough to use at the office.
So I got this so I could take tea with me in the morning.
Positives - it keeps the tea hot which is the main goal.
Sometimes I can't drink out of this at least for an hour later.
Cons - the lid sometimes gives me problems and if not screwed on the right way it will spill out the sides.
I always hold it upside down to test it before throwing it in my bag.
I use tea bags in this and it works great.
works as advertised although i wish the size was abit bigger.
This tumbler is very nice for keeping your drink hot.
And if you're brewing black, white, or green teas, there is no problem.
Very high quality product, excellent design for tea brewing, leakproof seal.
This is now my favorite "small" vacuum bottle in the Thermos/Nissan line.
I am amazed at how warm hot tea stays in this thing for even 5-6 hrs.
Most problems with mugs I have tried in the past are solved in this product.
No spilling, and this product is better than a plain Saran Wrap solution.
The sipping lid has a deeply recessed bottom where you have a hole for liquid to come out.
That is, the spill risk is very low even in pitching and rolling Boston's subway.
So, you rarely need to use the sealing lid unless you want to brew tea in it or put the mug in a backpack.
This mug's advertised capacity is 11 ounces, but the line specifying the maximum fluid level is actually 275ml (10 ounces).
I wonder if they could make it a bit taller for increased true drink capacity and enough space for chamomile to expand.
I just wish it was 8.5in tall and 350ml capacity.
Leave it in the sink for 10 to 20 minutes.
Make sure the lid is attached loosely, and never tightly.
Dump the stuff, rinse it with water, and you're done.
Chlorine bleach (Chlorox) will do the job just as well, but you'll have to deal with the bleach odor for a few days.
That's why I emphasized to loosen the lid when leaving it in the sink.
I owned one of these for over 10 years.
After leaving at work all the time and not having a replacement I invested in another one.
It does not leak and seals tight with the screw top two lids.
Makes great tea and great holder for coffee.
Keeps both hot for at least 4 hours and warm for 24.
A great product that I am fortunate to own.
Bought this for a family member who says it is the best travel mug they ever had.
The infuser doesn't work all that well but this thing will keep your tea hot all day.
Do NOT expect to brew yerba mate tea in this.
If your tea has small particles at all or dust then you will fail horribly.
This is what I originally purchased this tea tumbler for...After I learned that it can't make tea I started using it for coffee.
This product is too small for me to make tea since I like to drink A LOT of tea when I drink tea.
It really only works with large grain loose leaf tea.
For this reason -1 star.12 ounces is not very much tea in my opinion.
Works better for coffee/espresso.I would buy this product again over anything else to bring 12 ounce coffee drinks in.
The fact that it can't spill is the most valuable feature.
I carry it in my backpack every day to college.
You can throw it in your backpack n go.
I work at a computer several hours a day and use a coffee warmer plate for my coffee.
Unfortunatewly, the warmer underperforms and a steaming cup of coffee is reduced to lukewarm in a matter of 10 or 15 minutes.
I bought the Nissan Coffee Traveler a few months ago, and voila! the problem is solved.
Coffee stays hot for hours, ouside of the container is cool to the touch, and the lid prevents spills.
A perfect solution -- I am now going to buy one for my car!.
The sipping lid has a deep well so you don't get the spurt of hot liquid on your lips as with some other sipping cups.
The tea lid is just plain clever, though the screen is coarse as noted in other reviews.Made in China.
If you don't mind that then go for it.
If you do mind, the thermos is still worth it, but get another strainer.
It keeps the tea very hot for long time.
Love it and will tell my friends of it.
This thermos does exactly what I want a thermos to do.
We got this to keep water warm to prepare babies bottles, and it actually works better than we expected.
The first time we put water in it, and left the house, we were gone for about 3 hours.
When we went to make the bottle, the water was actually too hot.
We were used to using an older thermos that allowed the water to cool.
With this one, we don't have to worry about that.
It shows that over a 12 hour period it will lose about 20-25 degrees.
In 24 hours, it will go from 200 - 150.
If you want to carry this to work for a 12 hour shift,  it will cool, but overall it holds the temp really well.
I have no complaints.Let's be honest, there's only so much to say about a thermos.
They come in all shapes / sizes and perform at different levels.
It really does keep my coffee hot all day.
It's slimmer than I thought it would be so it fits nicely into my laptop bag yet holds enough to keep me going all day.
It's also easy to clean and doesn't leek.
Excellent for keeping water hot on the go for our little one's formula.
26 ounce capacity is enough for the whole day.Havent tried cold liquids yet, but I assume it would be just as effective.
This is one of the better buys I've made on here.
It keeps my coffee hot for 12 hours or more.
Even after 24 hours the coffee is still warm enough to drink.
It keeps things hot, or cool, for hours and hours.
This does not affect the functionality however, which is perfect.Edit: after a few months, I sadly have to take one star off.
It's not that it is a bad product by any means, but it does not seem "magic" anymore in keeping things hot.
This may be due to a little wear in the silicon/rubber gasket, although I treated it with care, never machine-washed etc.
We don't put milk or anything in them, just coffee - so not sure if that would change the temperature much.
These are fantastic, though - I highly recommend.
Something I learned in college, from my paleontology professor - keep a vacuum insulated bottle of ice water in the vehicle.
After a long, hot, dusty  day of fossil hunting or other geological exertions...COLD water is a delightful, sensual pleasure.
Keeps things realllllly hot for hours on end.
This thermos has lived up to my expectations - and beyond.
I bought it to take coffee to work with me at night.
Looks very nice and works as well as others have indicated in their reviews here.
Keeps coffee warm for hours and completely spill proof.
After that, I fill it with tea, which I try to keep as hot as possible during brewing (i.e.
I never put anything absorbent such as coffee in containers which will be used for things other than coffee later.
This is the best thermos bottle I have ever owned.
I took it to a test: Filled it in the evening with boiling water and left it outside near freezing temperatures overnight.
In the morning it still had 83 C (181 F)! In comparison, my old thermos was down to 53 C (127 F).This is it!.
works well, by keeping my smoothies frozen when I taken it for lunch.
I have opened it after 3 hours at room temp to 80 deg, with the smoothie still frozen.
Size is good also, not too big, about the size of a fifth of liquor, without the neck.Only wish the opening was a bit bigger/wider.
This is the best Thermos I have ever owned.
This is the only one I have owned that did not leak around the top.
There is no pour spout to flip open or plungers to push down thankfully.
The inner cap provides a very solid seal.
To pour, simply loosen the cap and my coffee pours from between the inner threads and the cap.
This also helps preserve any heat from escaping.
I think a proper seal helps to retain the heat just as much as the vacuum insulated body.
Also, as I have already dropped mine several times onto pavement, this product stands up nicely to my abuse.
A few minor dents and scratches but it did not affect the great job it does of keeping me with hot coffee all day long.
The outer lid/cup also fits snuggly even after a couple of head first drops onto the pavement.
I'd buy one again if this one gets lost.
The slim design makes it easy to carry in my work bag, and the pour spout works well even under windy conditions.
If it can survive a construction site and do this well, it must be a pretty good product for the price.
If and when it gives up the ghost, I'll post an addendum to this review.
We use this thermos any time we leave the house for a long period.
It works extremely well at keeping my son's milk cold and fresh.
We pre-chill the thermos in the fridge for even longer periods.
We hand wash according to the manufacturer instead of using the dishwasher.
One note to the manufacturer though is that they should not put instructions in the thermos itself.
My wife had to get them out for me.
I guess it's her way of paying back all the jars I open for her.
It comes in a box and which is probably a better place for the instructions.
I couldn't figure out why I was always dripping on my desk.
All this to say that I threw the no-name away, bought this one, and am happy with the results.
The coffee is HOT and the pouring system is not clever, it is the plain old unscrew and pour- but it works.
I can literally let this lay in my purse without having a leak - though I try not to, it has happened a few times.
So this is a good sized little Thermos that works well.
I like this item and have had no problems with items staying hot or cold.
I would recommend to anyone looking for a medium sized bottle.
This was a replacement for an aging Tiger brand flask and it has proved very useful.
It keeps coffee very hot and is very easy to clean in the evening.
If you don't it spits coffee as it pours.
That said it is easily the best flask I have ever had.
I got this as a gift for my mother's boyfriend who is a truck driver.
Every time I talk to them now they say how it's become a must-have for all his trips.
It's lightweight, leak-proof, and the built-in cup is a huge plus.
At the time I purchased it, it was at around 20 bucks, so it was an amazing value.
I would still purchase it at the current price.
I was tired of my 1-cup travel coffee mug and wanted something I could bring to work yet use throughout the day.
The coffee my office brews is terrible, and I wanted something that could hold a workday's worth of coffee and keep it hot all day.
I found this thermos and read the reviews and decided to give it a try....and I love it!This is a great thermos.
It's beautifully built and very sturdy and shiny.
It's not difficult to hold, but I do wish it were slightly thinner.
I got one because my husband had one and raved about it.
I had an iced drink in it that i left over the weekend at work.
No ice on Monday, but it was still cold.
Right now i'm using it for iced drinks and it keeps ice chunks in it all day.
It keeps my refill for my coffee mug hot all day.
It doesn't leak and is just the right size.
There are a lot of good big insulated bottles out there but they seem overkill size wise.
A friend has one of these that appears ancient and he has had no problems with it at all.
This thermos is both well-made and keeps coffee hot.
The long, slender built makes this ideal for us road trippers who need to sip on hot coffee while driving.
I ordered this and a "Timolino 20 oz.
@tanium II Vacuum Travel Mug" at the same time.
We own 4 of this bottles and love them.
It keeps the beverages hot more than 12 hour.
We use the Thermos Nissan to keep the water to prepare our baby's bottles warm.
I warm the water in the morning, and the bottle keeps it warm during the whole day.
bottle is small enough to take along in my diaper bag when needed.
It is a little large for toting around in a bag without adding too much weight.
I've had mine for YEARS and it's stood the test of time.
I also carried around a large water bottle that was kept sort of warm by the outside heat.
Every time after we drank from the Thermos, I refilled it with the water bottle.
It kept us refreshed and hydrated throughout the day.
But it still works just as good as it always has.
I usually get Thermos Nissan products but anything that says it's "vacuum-insulated" should be sufficient.
But that was at room temperature inside the home and wasn't exposed to any real heat, nor was it opened too many times.
I just opened it every other hour to see how much was melting.As for hot drinks, it keeps them piping hot.
Yesterday I boiled some water and immediately poured it in.
It was still hot about 5 hours later when I wanted to have some instant oatmeal and tea.
It's even more effective to keep drinks hot by warming up the container with hot water prior to adding the hot beverage.
Just run hot sink water until it's steaming and then fill the Thermos and put the lid on until whatever drink you're preparing is ready.
It's good to do this with even a regular coffee mug you use at home (especially if you like to keep your drinks hot).
Oh and make sure you buy a good cleaning brush/wand that has bristles on all sides like a test tube cleaner, only bigger.
I put this bottle in the dishwasher (like people said that's ok, even though it says in the directions not to).
I suspect, somehow, the action of the dishwasher, destroys the vacuum seal.I will have to get another.
Just wanted to warn people - don't be tempted!.
I purchased TWO of these, with HIGH hopes that they worked as well asI had heard they did.
As of right now, I would suggest this to anyone.
Its veryslim and I have a small hand, so it was easy for me to handle.
Also the screwin plug works well, make sure you have it threaded in straight then just tightenit down snugly.
I bring my tea to work and drink it during the course of the day and the tea stays hot for over six hours.
I'm impressed and very happy with this thermos.
I prep the thermos by filling it with boiled water and cap it.
Wait for ten minutes, pour out the water, and put in freshly boiled water and two tea bags.
I'm good to go for my work day.
Simply twist the cap a rotation or two and then pour.
Simply rinse with a little warm water and some soap.
Very well made and it goes on all of our trips with us.
This the THE best we had ever used.
For the sake of safely reason, you can do the same.
I give the product A++++, you won't regret.
I can say " they are right!" now :).
Not really.Love mine and it will last forever.
As is the goal, cold stuff stays coll and hot stuff stays hot.
I have had my Thermos for 10 years (!!!!) now and it has yet to let me down.
If you pre-heat it with plain hot water before putting your coffee or tea in, it will stay steaming hot for nearly a day.
Good on bed table for cool late night drink.
This is my buddy on Sunday morning when I take my kids to ice skating.
Coffee stays nice and warm, and it has a slick look.
I was very pleased and pleasantly surprised that it was a better design than the original thermos I bought two or three years ago.
This Thermos looks cool but it will still burn your mouth with hot drinks from morning to night, even with the lid off.
These are well constructed and keep liquids piping hot for hours.
This will take a beating too if you should happen to drop it.
The top makes for a perfect cup too.
It cleans up in the dishwasher just fine, as it has no nooks or crannies.
It keeps the coffee or tea hot all day (and well into tomorrow).
That's it.A lot of people complain about the various thermoses online being 'hot' at the top.
Keep in mind this is where the inside is welded to the outside, so some thermal conduction is unavoidable there.
Put the cup/cap lid on and don't worry about it.
This definitely keeps the coffee hot all day.
It even does a good job keeping the drink hot with the stopper loose and continuously ready to pour.This is also my teapot.
Stuff some teabags in it, pour boiled water in, and every last cup of tea will be hot.
The pourable stopper keeps the bags in, nicely.
No need to 'reheat' or leave the coffee machine on.
Much bigger than average thermos, which is what I needed.
Hot stuff stays hot for hours!!!! I mean, even the next day it will still be hot.
I've owned this thermos for over 3 years and I only thought to write a review now that I'm buying my 3rd Thermos brand container.
I can't add anything that hasn't been said.
I use this one for hot beverages in the winter, mostly homemade lattes and hot tea, and cold beverages in the summer like smoothies.
I've recommended to many and all that have purchased are blown away.
Want more control over what I eat and to save money, so moving away from eating out as often for lunch.
Not to mention work refrigerator is a bit gross and food tends to disappear.
In short, you can't go wrong with this brand and it will last years and years!.
It's like a Timex watch; " it takes a lickin and keeps on tickin".
I have lost track of how many times I have dropped this thermos.
It's dented,scuffed, used and abused but it still seals and keeps my coffee hot til I get to work.
I like the slim design for being able to fit it in my work bag.
If you just through a hot beverage in it and go, the heat of the drink wont last quite as long.
Thinking about getting one of the 32 oz version to replace my large thermos.
I use this to take hot coffee to work.
It's small enough to easily fit into a small backpack but I can put quite a bit of coffee in there.
This is the best small thermos we have ever owned.
Compact, keeps coffee hot for hours, sleek profile.
The best part is how long it keeps liquids hot!.
These Thermoses are absolutely excellent!  I would highly recommend these.
I've put hot beverages in these thermoses only to find them still hot after more than 24 hours!  Definitely a great buy!  Highly recommended!.
This Thermos is everything the other reviewers said it was.
It will meet your high expectations and does exactly what it says it will.
I don't want to repeat what has already been said by others.
The only thing I have to add is that after 2 days, the hot tea put in this Thermos is still warm, that's pretty amazing.
Sometimes he returns home with coffee in his thermos and it's still hot!  He throws it in his bag and it never ever leaks.
The cap doubles as a cup on the go.
This small thermos has turned out to be very handy.
It is very sturdy and despite the problems that others have had with the screw top, I have had no problems.
I have had ice in the thermos last about 24 hours.
The screw top seal is very good and has never leaked.
It is said in the information on this product to not put carbonated drinks in it.
Sometimes I will hear gas escape from the thermos when unscrewing the top, but never had had the screw top pop off as warned.
It is very much like my very sturdy Stanley all-steal thermos only smaller and much more easily carried around during the day.
Love hot drink, and began to find a good thermos after arrived at the US 4 years ago.
This one the great one.Pour boiling water into it in the evening, and the inside warter still hot in the following afternoon.
So I had it on my list of tools to replace, to me anything you use that makes your life easier is a tool.
of what you are poring in has an effect on how long it will stay hot.
The hotter in the better, when going into a Denny's or other commercial location that has very hot coffee you will get your 24 hrs.
With my machine at home I get about 20 hrs.
No way would I buy anything but this brand.
And when they are new they look great as well.
This thing saves me money because I used to make 2 pots of coffee a day, even with a thermal carafe.
I used to work in food service and coffee is one of the oiliest and hardest substance to remove from anything.
So once a week boil some water and put a tablespoon of oxy-clean in the thermos.
You may be amazed at the amount of oil that comes out.
After a month of daily use, I have zero complaints.
I fill the thermos with french-pressed coffee, brewed with 200 degree water, every morning and it lasts all day.
Right now I work in a metal fabrication shop and my hands are always greasy and dirty.
It works as good as it did the first week.
The polish is still nice and nothing is leaking or cracked.
Wish they had the same design bottle in a bigger size.
Without a doubt this is the one of the best insulated containers I have ever owned.
I have not tried it with cold drinks yet, but I would expect that it would perform well in that case as well.
I have owned the Nissan Travel Companion for a couple of years, and it is the best of the bunch.
It keeps liquids hot or cold for longer than I could have imagined.
After being accidently left in a very cold car overnight, the coffee inside was still warm the next morning.
This is practically survival gear at an affordable price.
I searched for this for my father for years.
He had this mug and used it for almost a decade.
Finally I was able to find another one.
This thing is awesome and keeps liquids hot for over ten hours (I am not kidding).
This container holds a lot of liquid, more than any competing products.
The next day, about 30 hours later, I pulled the container out, opened it, and saw steam coming out.
It's a simple device, but one that does it's job extremely well.
The Nissan stainless steel thermos keeps coffee scalding hot for hours.
It's very sturdy and well-made, and doesn't have a fragile glass liner like older designs.
It's easy to clean, pours without making a mess, and closes very securely for travel.
He usually drinks it in a travel mug in his truck.
This is the perfect size for his coffee.
Keeps it warm for hours and doesn't leak.
I grew up with a Thermos as a child but, like many things, had forgotten about this great brand as an adult.
I also wanted something lightweight, and not too big and clunky.
So I will really be curious to check that out this fall.But so far I'm really loving this little thermos.
I like it becus i don't want to be lugging around anymore weight than i do already.
It fits nicely in my car cup holder.
I make coffee by hand, and use them to keep it hot.
Mine have gotten all dented from dropping them.
I have broken the stoppers by dropping, and putting one in the garbage disposal.
However they do sell replacement tops at a reasonable price, with low shipping.
It was my fault that the stoppers broke, everything about the thermos has been durable on it's own account.
I have found that Oxy Clean powder is the one cleaner that works.
My coffee will leave a sludge eventually at the bottom after awhile if I do not rinse them immediately after use a number of times.
You just put some in and some water, maybe a half cup of water.
Shake it up and let it set a few minutes.
Do that maybe 3 times, and the sludge will pour right out.
After checking out the Amazon reviews, I settled on this brand and design.
My friend likes to sip coffee/tea throughout the day.
I knew that some of the other offerings on the smaller volume end wouldn't be sufficient.
I took a complete guess and purchased the 26 ounce which turned out to be perfect for her.
The design is exactly as you see it in the photos and is more compact than I expected.
Perfect size for someone who sips throughout the day.
Very light, simple, keeps things hot very long.
Does not leak, easy to pour without opening it completely.
So far, I'm very happy with it and recommended it to my friends.
I purchased this thermos because I tend to drink 2-3 cups of coffee throughout the day.
With this thermos I can bring all the coffee I can handle and it will stay warm practically all day.
I have been impressed with it so far.
Its easy to clean too which is a plus.
It works so well and is the perfect size for a pot of tea to take with you.
I also have aThermos Nissan 61 Ounce Stainless Steel Bottle w/ Folding Handlethat is just too big for everyday use.
This is perfect and keeps drinks warm (or cold) or hours.
It also looks as pretty as the day I bought it after months of use.
It won't scratch or get dings in it, even if you drop it.
It also is very safe to put in your bag and carry.
The cap is so dented up I'm surprised it still screws onto the top.
The new one didn't keep things as hot or even last a year.
The only thing that would make this better would be adding a handle, but that still is no big deal.
I mainly use this to bring hot tea or coffee to work.
I think the beverage pour option is kind of clumsy as the holes on each side are not well marked on the top.
It would be nice if the arrows were in white or silver on the black screw cap.
Replaced a cheaper, leaky bottle with this one.
It does not leak at all, and keeps coffee hot all day.
After reading the reviews, I finally bought this 34oz S/S vacuum briefcase bottle.
16 hours later, I found the water still very hot & has steam came out 8am this morning.
I am thinking to buy more for Christmas gift!I highly recommend this product!.
Perfect 23 ounce size for hubby's coffee when he takes the Road King to work.
No spilling in the saddle bag and it keeps whatever you put in it, hot.
I always thought that the Stanley thermos were absolutely the best and  had more than one and  had them for many many years without complaint.
For that reason I tried  Nissan and  am glad that I did.
Solid construction a sturdy plastic metal lined  cup and a circumference which makes it easy to hold.
It keeps hot things hot and cold things  cold and  it  is a mystery to me how it knows the difference.
Keeps things cold all day (ice cold) as long as you follow the directions.
I end up only filling it half way or dumping the leftover out when I get home.
I wish I would have purchased the next smaller size, the 20-something size instead.
This classic vacuum Thermos works exactly as designed.
I've kept coffee beverages piping hot for hours in this with no perceptible decrease in temperature.
I wash it out and rinse it with boiling water after every use, but it still maintains a slight old coffee smell.
I guess an insulated bottle that is impervious to odor just doesn't exist, so until one is invented, this is as good as it gets.
Works perfectly keeping my coffee nice and hot as I prefer it.
There are bogus units (I have one) that resemble this one exactly, but can't hold a candle to its workmanship and effectiveness.
One small note, be sure the cap is extremely tight or it will leak.
I am still giving it 4 stars because I am sold on this Thermos - in fact I have bought two different ones.
You will not be sorry for your hot coffee or liguid several hours later.
What ever happened to a simple cork like cap?I was surprised by the Nissan.
It had a simple screw on cap, that was superbly easy to clean.
This is the one year anniversary of my bottle, and I couldn't be more happier.
The energy of the remaining liquid is extracted faster than if the bottle were full.
If you don't precharge the bottle with boiling water for at least 10 minutes or longer, the liquid won't stay hot as long either.
it neutralizes the acids and the stains literally strip away from stainless steel.
In terms of design, this is a nice, slim thermos that can easily fit into a work bag or briefcase.
I have not had any problems with heat or cold retention.
To pour out liquid, you give the plunger a half turn or so.
otherwise, too much heat will escape and your tea won't retain temperature.
If the tea bag is left in too long, it will eventually break.
Heat some water in a kettle, cap it, and shake it around, dump it, then add your beverage.
The water/liquid needs to be cold beforehand.About the cap - the cap is plastic on the inside and not insulated.
hot beverages will be hot to the touch.
Also, the cap tends to smell &#34;used&#34; as plastics do, and I wonder about cleanliness, so I use my own cup/mug.
I would have appreciated a cap with the same technology as the rest of the product.
This seals well and I've been very comfortable tossing it in my silk-lined bag to tote it to the office with me.
No spills yet and I don't expect any.
It also does a great job of keeping my coffee warm at least until lunch (the coffee never lasts longer than that...).
We use a large coffee press in the morning, which provides four cups of coffee.
We share the first two and the rest goes into this Thermos.At lunchtime, I have hot coffee.
I also love the interior cap which has a pouring spout.
I like it a lot but now I have lost it.
So I may have to get another one.
I really have nothing negative at all to say about this Thermos aside from the fact that it doesn't have a handle.
Which isn't a deal breaker.I've been using this thing every day for coffee at work.
I work 12 hour shifts and it's enough to get me through every break, 4-5 breaks total.
And it keeps things very hot!  I've left coffee in this for over 24 hours and it was still steaming when I poured another cup.
Not only that, but it still tasted great after all that time.
The stainless steel doesn't change the flavor as some people seem to believe.
Very clean with no run-down.I highly recommend this product.
If anything happens to mine I will definitely buy another.
This Thermos is very nice looking, and it keeps things warm for a very long time.
The cap is easy to use and can be used as a cup.
Great for holding just enough coffee to get me through the day.
Easily packed on my bicycle, it's become my little friend.
It's great for bringing your coffee or tea to work.
We take this on walks on the trails here and it can keep cold items cold for hours and hours.
Easy to clean, easy to fill and it holds plenty of liquid.
I've had it keep ice for over 24 hours on cool days when I accidentally forgot about it in the car, lol.
It fits well inside my briefcase, which is *not* especially capacious inside.
The coffee remains hot and enjoyable as late as 6 or 7 at night.
I have found its stainless steel finish and poly cap/cup are very easy to take care of.
Most of the time, simply rinsing it under hot water is enough.
But for ordinary use like I described above, this thing is great & I'm glad I bought it.
It does the job well and it's a very well made product.
I wish the sealing cap is made of aluminum instead of polypropylene (recycle #5 PP).
The bottom of sealing cap is exposed to the hot liquid/steam.
All plastic leaches, especially when it exposes to hot temperature.
Leaching is minimum since the plastic part is not submerged in the hot liquid.
I've had this thermos for several months and it's holding up just fine.
It keeps the beverage warm and doesn't leak.
If your office coffee is bad, you can pour the remainder of the breakfast pot into the Nissan and take it to work.
Tea seems to get a bad flavor in here, but coffee stays hot and tasty.
Keeps stuff hot for days! Literally, what I put in one morning is still drinkably hot the next.
A 10:00am cup of coffee that was brewed at 7:00 in the morning is usually lukewarm enough to be used as a mouth rinse.
I preheat it for 10 minutes with water boiled in an electric kettle, empty it and pour in the Joe.
Hours later, it's still steaming, and the flavor has been preserved in a sort of suspended animation.
I have a local Roastery that has an award-winning coffee roaster.
The travel cup lid cracked so I went looking for an actual thermos.
I found this Nissan unit just a few oz.
I'll pour a small cuppa to enjoy and do that through the day.
Very high quality, perfect for taking coffee and soup to work.
It will keep the water warm for up to 12 hours.I didn't give it 5 stars because i think it's pretty hard to open.
I feel like I'm turning and turning the kid until it finally comes loose.
Had one like this to two years, it broke.
I love this size because it fits in my golf bag without problem.
I've had one of these for more than five years--just wanted to get a spare in case they are discontinued.
Love it--it keeps liquids quite hot for at least 12 hours and very warm for another 12.
I use it every day to make hot tea and it's indispensable.
There are not a lot of products that live up to what you expect.
It's a great size to take to work or an outing (It holds @ 4 normal sized cups of coffee).
It's double-walled stainless so it's pretty indestructible (I've dropped it a couple of times and it barely dented).
It doesn't leak if you screw in the top tightly.
Fill it with hot water while you're brewing your coffee.
It's easy to carry (I'm a woman and I can grasp and carry it with minimal issues).
I actually forgot my thermos for a couple of days over a weekend and the coffee was still pretty hot even after 48 hours).
It is worth the somewhat higher price, no questions asked.
I have kept coffee hot in it for over 8 hours, out in the cold.
Own a new Nissan car, so how could I refuse getting the Nissan thermos.
It is very high quality and matches my car beautifully.
Just like the other five-star reviews have stated, this is an excellent product that keeps beverages hot (or cold) for many, many hours.
A few times I didn't get a chance to drink my hot tea later in the day.
When I opened it the next morning the tea was still very warm and I drank it without any reheating.
I was buying 7 dollar thermos from bimart, they broke the lid or seal every year.
This one is bit bigger, keeps tea and milk  about as hot, if I over heat the tea, it stays hotter longer at work.
Cap can be hard to get off if you have small hands.
Good buy if on sale.hope it lasts two years.
This is the best design I've seen yet.
The thermal qualities are the same as any good bottle.
However, the simple and easy-to-clean design are fantastic.
The quality of the metal inside and out helps keep this looking new every day.
This means you can actually fully clean the cap- an impossibility with the caps that pass liquid THROUGH themselves.
The lid screws on with a gentle 1/8 turn (once you meet resistance) and is leak free.
However, like ANY, if you remove contents you remove thermal mass and also pressure (remember PV=nRT from high school chemistry?), so you lose heat.
However, even WITH multiple (3-5) removals my Java is still warm enough to drink at 3 PM w/a brew time of 7 AM.
Recently got this to take to class with some coffee.
of coffee (half the contents) and forgot about it.
As advertised, this thermos DOES actually keep hot beverages hot all day, which I have actually never experienced with a thermos.
It won't keep coffee FRESH all day, but I suppose I can't expect miracles.
Great quality at a great lightning deal price! Don't have to worry about any glass liner getting broken.
I have gone through many insulated travel mugs and bottles in my life.
None of them worked anywhere near as well as this one at keeping my hot tea hot.
It is a superior product in other ways as well.
That works really well with this bottle, because it is so good at keeping the tea hot.
But that does mean that this particular model is very tall.
It is likely not going to fit in many cup holders and other places where people like to keep their thermos.
It fits easily into an average sized backpack, and I regularly carry it (horizontally) in a messenger bag.
I did my research and it has paid off.
Only thing I noticed is that it does condense, but then again that will happen to anything taken from a cold to a warm/hot environment.
It does keep the liquids cold enough to enjoy for several hours, I have not tried with hot liquids yet.
Perfect size - not too big or small.
Does the job - hot or cold - doesn't matter.
The thermos is great! it fits very well in the side pocket of my Ju-Ju-Be B.F.F.
The Playtex drop-in liners stand in the cup and it warms them quickly.
I left water heated in my Keurig (192 degrees)in it overnight and the water was still steaming when I poured it out the next morning.
I don't know about you, but I'm hoping to live more than 5 more years! :).
Nissan Gets It RightThe travel thermos keeps liquids hotter than any similar container I've owned.
What's going on here with this thermos that has drawn over 40 (mostly rave) reviews?  How does hot stay hot, and cold stay.
Six hours later and coffee is still hot, a day later and it's at least warmer than room temperature.Preheat and Screw it Tight.
No, this is not a song by Archie Bell and the Drells.
This helps the contianer do its job, and takes just a few seconds.
I've ruined a few books with a container that I mistakenly thought was sealed.
My bad-it's easy to close, just don't rush it.It's Practical, Too.* The light, smaller size makes this ideal for backpacking when you hike or bicycle.
Moreover, the reduced weight and tapered design make this easy to hold, even without the handle on the more traditional but heavier Nissan thermos.Problems.* None.
I've had no problems with odor, cleaning, or anything with this.
An ideal gift item, as reliable and appreciated as your favorite drink.
My wife uses this to bring hot water to work.
She says it does a fine job and works very well.Reasonably priced, nice size, fast shipping.
I use this for my smoothies, and they stay cold and fresh-tasting all day.
The thermos is easy to clean with one of those sponge-on-a-stick thingies.
The body is all stainless, so it cleans pretty easy.
There's not really much to it.I use it for smoothies and cold soups, not for coffee.
I can only speak for the cold stuff, but it keeps smoothies ice cold for at least 8 hours.
It probably goes much longer, but I've never left it in there for that long.
I can even leave it open and it still stays cold for hours.The size is really great for smoothies, breakfast shakes and so on.
Many/most blenders are 50-52 ounces, so me and my girlfriend make a full blender in the morning and it splits 50/50 into two of these.
Just in case, I rub a little food-safe mineral oil on the gasket once a month.
It's solid stainless, so I don't see how you could go wrong there.
Don't put the cap or the plug in the dishwasher, as it has rubber and plastic.
Great welll made product keeps my coffee hot for 10 hours, nice and warm for 14 hours.
I love it!  Nissan makes the best travel products on the market.
The only reason I 'replaced' it, was because I wanted one that holds more of my morning java that I bring to work everyday.
Anyway, good customer service from the Thermos company.
I was completely surprised with how long this thermos kept my drink hot.
Definitely a great investment for those that are on the road.
It keeps things hot for a loooong time and it's just the right size.
I wish it had a handle or hook or something though; it can roll around a bit.
I read a review in the newsletter The Boat Galley [...].
They found these were the best (see test).
I've had thermoses that kept coffee warm for an hour, but not much more.
I tested this one....WOW! hot after 6 hours, warm after overnight.
Easy to clean, is fairly small for the amount of liquid it contains.
Has held up very well, well made/good quality, parts work nicely together, easy to open and to remove and replace the cup.
Not to carry on your hand but to take it to picnic or to work.
I just received this thermos and filled it up with tea, after prewarming it as suggested.
To my amazement, the tea was still piping hot 24 hours later.
And yes, I did open it (about 3 times) to pour tea during the 24 hrs.
BTW, the way you "open" it is you unscrew the lid partially, about 2 turns, then pour, with the lid attached.
Don't take the lid completely off, as it will allow more heat to escape.
This isn't a problem if you'll always use a separate cup or mug, but I the screw on cup is very convenient.
Tip: one day I had trouble screwing the stopper on straight and I thought the threads or the silicone seal ring had been damaged.
The problem was I overfilled the thermos slightly so it was just about 1/8" above the fill line.
Poured out a bit of water and it was fine.
That shows you how tight the seal is.This is the new standard of what a thermos should be.
I think I'll buy the 16 oz food jar next.
The previous one that my wife used finally broke after ten years.
So far so good and looking forwarding to another 10 years of usage.
It keeps the temperature for at least 6 hours.
Update: I found that my Thermos had a small rough spot on the sealing surface inside the neck after all (see my original comments below).
I polished this away with steel wool -- and no leaks after two weeks of daily use.
The stopper now closes easily and securely each time.
Recommended.(Original review)I am very pleased with the 26-oz Thermos.
It keeps hot liquid hot for hours, though the more you drink, the faster the remainder cools.
The sides stay cool -- the only heat loss seems to be through the plastic stopper, which feels slightly warm to the touch.
You must close the stopper tightly or the bottle leaks when placed on its side.
There are no burs or other flaws around the sealing area inside the bottle, nor does the stopper have defects.
I do not want to seem too negative, but Thermos needs to work on the stopper seal.
The inside of the Thermos is stainless steel, not plastic! The reflective surface of the stainless steel further helps with heat retention.
The stopper has a rubber lining to ensure a good seal.
The exterior cap acts as somewhat of an added insurance should the stopper fail you!- Generous CapacityThe Thermos has a generous 26-ounce capacity.
The inside of the cap, which doubles as a drinking cup, is plastic.
It can incur some unsightly scratches fairly easily.
Its impressive heat-retention capability and its generous 26-ounce capacity should keep you with a ready supply of your favorite hot beverage all day.
I don't think you can go wrong with this one.
This thermos is great in that it keeps the coffee hot for pretty much as long as I could ever want it to.
I can't figure out why but if I don't snug the lid down all the way tight it eliminates this problem.
Beats me, but its still great in that everything stays warm enough.
Great thermos keeps my tea hot all day.
I use it every time I go on a trip so I can have hot tea all the time.
Liked it so much I got a bigger one.
I don't own a briefcase so I can't comment on that.....Volume: It holds what it says it does and very well at that.
It's enough to keep me satisfied for a few hours.
Within the first 4 hours it stays the same temperature.
After 8 it held 80% of the original temperature.
12 hours later still really warm.Cold beverage: Filled it with ice and then water before bed  because I like having something to drink.
Tea was left in it overnight, by accident, and left a tea-colored tint inside with the light smell.
Washing according to directions removed the tint inside as well as the smell and did not taint any future drinks.Dropping the container: It happens.
No dents yet; although, it was dropped from a low height and on grass and dirt.
It is possible to send it through a dishwasher even though it is not necessary to get it clean.
Received my replacement after the first came dented, although it was packaged in the box well.
Well, I must say I am very happy with this thermos.
It is still steaming when I pour it.
It also fits in my cup holder in my car.
We bought it to store hot water and it preserves heat of hot water for 24-hours.
keeps hot water scary hot for well over 24 hrs.
the size is a big plus,easy to carry around and throw on to the front seat.UPDATE:Something went very wrong with this one.
It started to get really hot on the outside walls.
I didn't know I could return it to Amazon, so its back at the factory.
I guess paying UPS 16 bucks to ship back is a bummer, but the Thermos rep was nice and promised a replacement right away.
I thought you should know.Update:Okay I got it back, it works fine now.
Keeping my son hydrated while he sweats his way through 3 paper routes was our goal.
This really is made for coffee not quantities of water.
We don't buy plastic bottled water but have an Aquafina filter, thus eliminating plastic polution and waste.
Bottles like this are perfect to carry with you in your car.
Our eventual goal is for me to use this bottle and buy the larger one for my son.
I just wanted a thermos so that I could take my morning tea with me to work, so I settled on this model.
I like it fine, but it doesn't really work for the purpose for which I purchased it.
It keeps beverages so hot, even with the lid off, that they won't cool down for many hours.
Yeah, yeah, I know that's the purpose of a thermos, to keep things hot.
But it is so effective at this that it is impractical to drink out of.
You really need this plus a to-go mug if you actually want to drink your hot beverage.
Or, you could let your beverage cool down in a separate container to its desired temperature, and then pour it into the thermos.
Either way, know that if you pour too hot to drink liquid into your thermos, it will be scalding for the rest of the day.
I've used this thermos for both coffee and tea multiple times.
I have never owned a thermos before, and after reading many reviews I decided to try out this one.
It has so far been a great purchase.
I like the feature that allows you to pour without removing the whole inner top because it keeps the heat in even longer that way.
It's not ideal, but it works!  As far as cleaning, it's very easy.
I often add milk to my coffee in the thermos, and have had no issue with that gunking anything up.
If I ever lose this one, I'll definitely be buying another just like it.
I imagine this thing will last forever if taken care of!.
This thermal bottles keeps the water HOT after 12 hours.
It is still warm after almost 2 days.
34 oz is not big enough for me, but the size of the bottle is good.The item delivered on time.
I bought this to keep water warm which I use to prepare my daughter's milk / food.
Sometime I get my hands burned as I do not expect the water to be too hot even after one or more day.
I feel it does not leak any heat.
Great Thermos for travel time and also household use.
I will continue using this one when I have more coffee to bring.
I'll put tea in it in the morning, and if there is any left over after work, I'll pour it out and it's still how.
And the outside is not hot to the touch.
The screw top cup works well too and is a perfect size.
it's made of stainless steel, I can probably beat somebody with it and it won't make a dent, and it's tall but compact.
It's also made in Malaysia.So, what do we have here? It's a very spacious, 34 ounce thermos.
And boy does it work, and well! It was in the high 80s out today, and I filled my new thermos with organic apple juice.
Below that layer is a plastic stopper, recycling code 05.
Unscrew that, and ah, liquidy goodness!The only thing that may be difficult is cleaning, as it's a tall bottle, and hard to get into.
my method thus far is dropping water and soap in it, covering it, and shaking it furiously like I'm mixing a drink or something.
I use a Bodum French Press everyday for bringing coffee to work.
I use this thermos to transport it to/from my home.
A few people mentioned why they didn't like this, because it didn't keep coffee hot enough.
When you make your drink, take the extra water, and pour it into the thermos.3.
Let the thermos sit for about 3-4 minutes.4.
Drain the water, add your coffee or tea.It will say piping hot for hours.
Trust me, I do this every single day and it works fantastic.
This is one great thermos, Keeps my coffee hot! Real Hot for more hours than I need it too.
I would highly recommend this thermos to everyone.
Don't forget to get a bottle brush to clean it.
Received this Thermos as a replacement of an old one.
Could go no wrong with this old-timer brand name for meeting expectations and product quality.
Thermos kept my coffeee hot just about all day long.
I work in an office environment and take my Thermos to work each day.
It is back to good old times again - keeps my coffee hot till practically the end of my daily shift.
Frankly, I had forgotten what a hot cup of Java at around four in the P.M.
The heck with those other stoppers that allow pouring while in place, as far as I am concerned.
They have been nothing but a leaking nuisance each and every time I have had the mispleasure of handling them.
I kid you not!!!  I keep this in my car to hold hot tea.
In the summer, cold water stays cold all-day-long.
Both scenarios, the thermos stays in my car outside.
If you are on the fence, go for it.
The water stayed not just warm, but steaming hot the entire trip.
The Nissan Thermos FBB1000 is a sleek brushed stainless steel thermos with vacuum-sealed insulation and 875 mL storage capacity.
It was placed in direct sunlight with daytime temperatures around 28 Celcius and nightime lows around 12 Celcius.
After 48 hours, gentle shaking sounded like the contents remained frozen in ice.
This is a great little thermos and I highly recommend it.
This summer I am using it to keep my smoothies cold for work and in winter I will use it for hot tea and chocolate.
I like it a lot because it fits nicely in my backpack and is very handy.
I love it!  I brew Chai Tea every morning for my day at work.
It stays hot for well over 12 hours!  Even past that time it stays quite warm.
You can't get a better product here!5+ stars!.
This is a very good thermos, replacing my 1 quart model that accidentally got thrown away.
I was wary of purchasing another Nissan product after being less than impressed with one of their travel mugs.
Product was delivered on time and is of excellent quality, as one would expect from Nissan/Thermos.
I haven't used a thermos since high school.
A quart of coffee is plenty for me, so the capacity is great for my needs.
I did have a problem when it leaked inside my briefcase, but I think it was because I didn't screw the cap on tight enough.
I highly recommend this as a quality item that does exactly what it's meant to do.
I put coffee in it every morning around 6:30 AM.
That's all I needed it for, and it does the job.
This thermos is great and keeps the beverage hot.
After reading several reviews, I purchased this a few months back and it has proved to be one of the best I have owned.
I've used this thermos for almost every business day for 6 years to transport coffee.
So lets say i've filled it up and transported coffee 1500 times.
About 3 months ago, i notices that the interior coating started breaking down.
Black flakes started pouring out when i washed it.
The internal lining / coating was breaking down.In the past 6 years, it has been an excellent product.
Is there a thermos out there that i'm not seeing? one that will last for generations?Its good...just be ready to replace every 5-6 years.
I like to sip hot coffee all day long, and I can't stand the bitterness of coffee left on a heater.
Seriously, this thermos will keep a beverage hot for 24 hours without preheating.
The tea is still burn your mouth hot.
I have to wait at least 30 minutes to drink it.
Sometimes I forget the tea is in there, and when I am getting ready for work the next morning I remember.
When I pour in my teacup it is still HOT.
I truly love this thermos.It works the same way for cold beverages.
It holds 34 ounces, and it keeps things hot.
Oh, it keeps things cold too.It's stainless steel, and nothing is better, or safer, either.
So if you want a good thermos, buy this one.
It will keep your coffee or tea hot for hours, all without perspiring or radiating heat or steam when tightly closed.
The top doubles as a cup, so it's convenient.
It's well insulated, so you can expect your coffee to stay hot for a day, or warm next morning, if you want to do that.
I bought this thermos after shattering a thermos that had glass insulation.
This was a good looking, durable thermos at a great price point.
But I had hoped to use it to bring along coffee, soup etc.
I definitely don't plan to use it for soups, so this will be a coffee thermos.
It's always cool! And I don't worry about the stainless steel leeching into the water like I would plastic.
I have been using this for almost a month now and it keeps my tea very hot.
I don't preheat it and by the end of the day the dregs are still very warm.
Yesterday I only drank half of it and didn't get a chance to rinse it out when I got home last night.
When I opened it this morning to clean it out and refill it the left over tea was still hot.
I liked it enough to buy a spare.
Its not perfect though the metal is not as heavy as my Stanley and it is tall and thin so not as stable.
I have already knocked on the flood twice and dented both the cup and bottom in falls that the Stanley would have shrugged off.
My OXO bottle brush can barley reach the bottom with only an inch or so sticking out.
The narrow shape means it fits well in the bottom on my messenger bag much better than the Stanley.
Nissan claims its a 34oz bottle but 34oz is over filling it.
I have the Nissan 12oz tea tumbler travel mug and it only really holds 10oz.
Nissan seems to have a pattern of exaggerating capacity by 2oz.
This is my third Thermos Nissan purchase, bought one for myself, hubby and a family member and we all love this brand because it delivers.
Hot stays quite hot and cold stays very cold.
I had ordered a water bottle that was supposed to be a double wall, and if it was I could not tell.
The thing was pathetic, as it did not keep coffee warm at all.
It did have these strainers for tea, which I guess if you are from the UK would mean something.
Well the Nissan Thermos does not have a tea strainer.
It's sole claim to fame is keeping things hot or cold.
I would not know about keeping things cold as my primary reason for wanting it was for coffee.
I preheat it with hot tap water first and man...this thing is amazing.
The coffee stays hot for hours and hours.
The only reason I did not give it five stars was because the cup/cap is made wrong and tilts to the side.
Not bad enough to return it but for product of this caliber I would have expected more.
I will be using it to take coffee to work on my bike and it is slim enough to fit into a water bottle cage.
Next to the Klean Kanteen it looks great.
Unreal!  I have a Frieling coffee press that is stainless steel, which is a high quality product.
However, the coffee stains the inside and it is hard to clean.
Not with the Nissan thermos, it cleans up with soap and water.
Don't believe the BS...this now gets five stars.
The Nissan Briefcase Bottle met my expectations completely.
It will keep coffee hot for 48 hours if you need it to and are leaving it full for that time.
The time degrades from that to about 8 hours if you are gradually drinking the contents.
I don't know why it makes such a big difference whether it is completely full or not, but it does.
If you fill it completely, you can get 48 hours out of it.
It is very hot for most of the day, into the evening.
If a cup or two remain at the end of the day, they will not stay hot into the next morning.
I've had it for a few years now and use it every day.
I even use it on weekends so I can turn my coffee pot off.
In my opinion, you should add your cream and sugar or whatever afterwords, straight into the cup.
Vacuum bottles, like this one, are not dishwasher safe and because the opening is pretty small, it is difficult to clean it well.
Keeps fluids hot for up to 8 hours of normal use.
Up to 48 hours of full quantity storage.
Not dishwasher safe, and should not be used with soup, cream, milk, or sugar.Conclusion.
Is day old coffee still "day old" if it is piping hot?I highly recommend this mug.
They also make it in a variety of different sizes, depending on your needs.
for my baby i can go anywhere the water stay hot and i can give a bottle witout worry about the warm water.
It really does a great job keeping coffee and tea warm all day long.
It keeps my coffee hot even if it is out in my car in the winter.
At 4 or 5 hours, it is as hot as it was when I poured it into the thermos.
This allows me to brew a full 34 oz pot of coffee and keep it hot.
I've even brewed it the night before so I would have hot coffee upon waking.
it was still steaming! I've also simmered milk and sugar and added that the night before.
I actually burnt my tongue on the coffee after it had been sealed for 9 hours.
But if it's been sitting unopened for hours you can bet it'll be hot.I haven't tried it with cold drinks yet.
What more can you ask of a thermos? Great product, great brand.
Keeps the coffee hot all day at work.
I do preheat it with a little hot water each morning and my coffee is still hot 8 or 9 hours later.
I set it on top of my car one morning,  The car had frost on it and it slid off.
Dented the cup but it still does fine.
I make a day's worth of coffee in this thing every morning at 5:30 AM - and it's still hot at 3:00!.
I've run it through the dishwasher once (against the instructions BTW) and it mostly took it out.
I will run it through again, and hopefully it will do the job without compromising it's functionality.
If so, I will just buy another one because it's fantastic!.
I have an hour commute and this thermos keeps my coffee perfectly hot.
I like the stainless steel design, quality, and temperature retention.
I do a lot of outdoor work in my profession.
This little thermos is just the ticket for keeping 16 ounces of tea hot all day.
Be sure and pre-heat the thermos prior to using, as directed, and it will work just great.
Also, the small size allows for me to carry it in a side pack I use for equipment.
Thanks, Nissan, for creating a portable way to keep beverages  hot all day.
This thermos holds the right amount of tea or coffee for a several-hour outing.
It keeps my drinks super hot for a really long time, which is perfect for road trips or long classes.
I have even dropped it a few times without a dent.
keeps boiling water close to boiling for many hours, even in cold weather.
never leaks, even upside down in the bag.
This thermos is the best I ever had.
The construction and feel is very durable and well machined.
I love the slim design - and it holds just the right amount of tea or coffee.
I've only been using it at home - I can make a pot - and sip slowly for several hours.
This is my second Thermos Nissan Vacuum Insulated bottle, I also have the smaller backpack bottle.
The bottle has a slight lip so you can drink out of it without using the cup/lid.
It fits in my car cup holder too!.
He has destroyed  travel mugs from camelback, starbucks, gevalia, and some no name brands from local stores within the space of about 6 months.
He breaks handles, strips threading on the caps, rips tabs off the caps, and has lost a few.
This has held up with no leaks, no dents, no breaks, and keeps his coffee hot.
This is quite an accomplishment, and I am impressed.
I drink plenty of coffee in the office, throughout the morning.
This thermos is awesome! It keeps my coffee hot and its easy to clean- just buy a bottle scrubber from Target.
This thermos was a bit bigger than I thought it would be, but that's my mistake.
It's stylish, holds two days' worth of tea for me and is a lot smaller than the full size thermos I used last summer.
I bring it on Monday, leave it and take it home at the end of day Tuesday.
The elixir of life, first thing in the morning.
Trust me on this; I am a committed coffee snob that orders green beans from the west coast and roasts them myself.
I cannot function without a cup of freshly ground java to kick start my mornings.
At home, I use a chemix drip device but when camping, a 48-oz REI french press.
Music festivals are my venue of choice and when fellow campers get a whiff of fresh coffee brewing, it can be quite a draw.
This thermos keeps the coffee fresh, and hot for hours.
I think this thermos is top notch and highly recommend it.
Filled to the brim, I get 4 cups of coffee which is plenty for me.
I would recommend using a different coffee cup other than the lid.
Have used for all types of drinks since then.
Keeps liquids hot/warm almost the whole day.Always surprised to get warm tea in the afternoon even though made the team 8 hours ago.
Bought this for my dad and he loves it! It will keep your coffee hot for you to drink.
I will usually make a pot and put it in the canister right after brewing it so it's nice and hot.
I will have it out in cold (15-20 degree Fahrenheit) for about 10 minutes each day.
The rest of the day it's inside a 70ish degree Fahrenheit room.
When I open it at work, it's really hot still.
When I get home, it's still quite hot, maybe 10 degrees cooler than it was originally.
It holds a lot and keeps it hot plus has the cup and the lid that acts as a pour spout.
When you pour, it doesn't leak but it can splash a little unless you pour slowly.
It did get knocked off a counter onto our tile floor and landed lid first.
It has a dent on a corner on top of the lid but whatever, I don't care about that.
It's easy to wash too, either with a scrubbing wand or in the dishwasher.
This is a rugged, well made, and beautiful thermos.
I had to stay with glass lined thermoses because stainless steel drastically alters the delicate flavors of many teas.
Does the job just fine,  Keeps the coffee warm overnight...seems like good quality.
Good enough for keeping some coffee at my desk all day.
Like the fact that their is no plastic inside.
The lid and the plug to close it have plastic.
My 8-Cup Bodum french press fills it up.
I throw this in my bag and bring it to work with me.
If you have a french press, you should have this as well.
I've filled this up and left it at home several times.
The coffee is always, still hot, even 14 hours later.
With room temperature of 60 degrees, the water in the thermos was 160 degrees 12 hours later.
At 36 hours it was still 110 degrees.But can anyone tell me why my box says lifetime warranty and the information inside says five years?.
I have two other Thermos containers but this is my favorite.
At 34 ounces, it is a great size for travel or every day use.
If you don't have a thermal coffee maker, this is a great way to keep coffee hot for many hours.
Unlike the travel version, this has a plug to ensure it does not leak or back out.
I use this thermos with coffee and hot tea.The mouth of this container is small.
I can't fit my hand in it to scrub it out.
Like any container for coffee, it may get build up over time.
I use anOXO Good Grips Bottle Brushto clean it out.
Use a little bit of dish washer soap and hot water with plenty of rinse water.I have no complaints about this thermos.
For a few years now I've been using the 22 ounce E5 Thermos to keep coffee in while I'm at work.
Eventually I realized that I should probably cut back coffee consumption, so I went hunting for a smaller thermos.
smaller, and works just as well as the larger one.
This one has a plug just like my old thermos which when half unscrewed, allows you to pour coffee into the included cup/lid.
I never use the lid, but it's nice that it's there.
It's also nice that there are no internal channels in the plug to get fouled up.
All the parts you need to clean are right there and easy to get to.
Cutting down from 22oz of coffee a day to 16 is nice, but not quite as low as I wanted to go.
Currently I'm just making 12oz and leaving some empty space, so life really isn't that bad.
This review is marginally statistically significant and verbally.
not at all; others have already said plenty.
But I figured I'd point out that after about 5 years of use, it still works great and is in great shape.
I know its just a thermos, but wow.
When something looks nice, works well and is so sturdy, it makes me happy.
I bring it to work in the morning and still have hot tea in the late afternoon.
No handle? what is this? It came as advertised, just no handle like any other Thermos you buy.
I make my tea with almost-boiling water at 7:30am and pour a cup at a time through out the day.
Even after opening the thermos several times, I still have hot tea at 2 in the afternoon.
I gotta say this is the best thermos I had ever owned! I am huge coffee drinker and always need to take coffee to work.
This thermos holds the coffee hot for many hours for me to enjoy at work! I was actually surprised.
This is a great thermos: It's lightweight, holds about 26 ounces, and is attractive.I'm currently into hour 13 of drinking hot tea from this thermos.
is ready, empty the thermos and pour the hot tea, coffee, etc.
Then screw the top on tightly and then the cap.You'll find that your beverage will remain hot for longer than most people will need.
If you want to make artisan bread, this is the cooking vessel to get.
The stone wear creates the perfect atmosphere for cooking bread.
I had wanted one of these baking dishes ever since I read about them in Carol Field's book THE ITALIAN BAKER.
My wife and I received one as a wedding present and I have now baked bread in it multiple times.
It does indeed make a difference in the texture of the crust.
After years of experimenting I had never been able to achieve that especially crisp crust that you get from a bakery, until now.
Another plus is that the dough's final rise inside the covered dish obviates the need for plastic wrap.
The original bell-shaped La Cloche is great, however, for making large, round hearth loaves or a cluster or dinner rolls.
Bought this to bake my artisan breads in and cannot wait to use it.
Hopefully it lives up to its hype! will find out this weekend!.
It's very easy to use and mine arrived in perfect condition - no problem with packaging or damage of any sort.
We love this Cloche, it makes the best breads!  We also love making pizza in ours.
If anyone's interested 12" round parchment circles make a perfect base liner.
From there I cut multiple small slits up to the lineation, so the paper will conform into the base once it's reversed.
If you spray oil the Cloche base inside, the paper will stick and form fit easily.
I do this immediately after I remove the baked product, while the base is still hot.Regency 12 Parchment Rounds 24 pk.
I've been baking my own bread for years, but in a bread machine.
I recently got into making no-knead artisan bread, and fell in love with beautiful crusty loaves.
Knowing I couldn't be the first person to think of this, I googled it and found the LaCloche.
(I was surprised to see there aren't many alternative products, but of course not everyone bakes artisan bread.)I bought it and absolutely love the thing.
I like to bake two loaves at once so plan to get the oblong pan as well.
I purchased the Sassafras La Cloche Brick Oven several years ago, but never really found a good use for it.
Then I was given the Jim Lahey Almost No-Knead Bread recipe which I made a number of times using my Le Creuset dutch oven.
honey for the vinegar and increasing the yeast to 1/2 tsp.
I place it in the microwave to raise for the two hour period.
I place the entire Brick Oven into my stove's oven and preheat at 475 degrees for 30 -40 minutes prior to beginning baking.
At the end of the rising period, I pull the oven rack on which the Sassafras sits out and carefully remove the cover.
Then I lift the loaf, parchment paper included, onto the base and put the cover back onto the base.
I slide the oven rack back into the oven.
Then I bake 5 minutes at the 450 temp, reduce the temp to 400 degrees and bake another 35 minutes.
Baking times may have to be adjusted, depending on your oven.
This method produces a golden brown crust that is not as heavy as the one produced in a Le Creuset.
The crust does soften up after sitting several hours.
I purchased my Sassafras from Amazon and it arrived in perfect shape, with no cracks or chips.
However, if you have the room to store this equipment, it is definitely something you should consider using when you make Almost No-Knead Bread.
Even though this cost less from Amazon than elsewhere, it is a bit pricey.
On the other hand, if you want to cook brick oven bread without a brick oven, this does the job.
Unfortunately, the baker arrived broken and I had to return it.
I then purchased one through Sears and am very impressed with it.
Like knowing how to bake other bread recipes that make NO mention of La Cloche.
The directions say nothing about putting this in a preheated oven.
It only says to preseason it and then wash it without soap.
But in general, I still have more questions than answers as to whether or not there is one best way to use this.
I do like this item, but it is definitely an extra.
A cast iron dutch oven works just as well, if you get the right size for the loaf you are making.
I have not used it very often, but at least 10 times.
I just used the bottom pie dish to make a stuffed pizza last night.
The top and bottom crust both browned fabulously.
The bread made with this baker comes out perfect.
Much better than simply placing the loaf on oven stones.
The domed baker retains the moisture of the dough giving you maximum oven spring without having to steam the oven.
I have this one and the long loaf ones too.
This one is excellent for making round loafs and the long ones for traditional loafs.
You put the dough in this, pop it in the oven, cook and you get a beautiful loaf of CRUSTY bread.
It is like your own small stone oven.
I'm on my second, the first lasted several years, but was broken in a move.
and was fired in a kiln in the manufacturing process that reached a temperature three times as high as your home oven will reach.
Therefore, it's extremely unlikely this oven is breaking "in use" while in the oven.
I bought my cloche 15 yrs ago and have had great results with it ever since.never had a break.
and i put the cold cloche in the pre-heated oven at 475 degrees.
The fat from the chicken soaked into the clay and it took a long time to wear it off.
It also prevented me from taking advantage of the 'pre-soak the lid in cold water' method of increasing the steam early in the baking.
Mine has been in electric and gas ovens over the last 15 years and other than the 'patina' developed from use, it performs as new.
You will definitely see improvement in your homemade breads when you use a cloche.
Basically, it is an unglazed clay base and domed lid that create the effects of a baker's oven within your own oven.
Turn the cold oven to 450 and set the timer for about 40-45 minutes for a 20-24 oz.
(Do not use a baking sheet.) The will allow you to bake artisanal breads with a crackling crust.
I have the rectangle La Cloche baker, and bought this one so that I could make round loaves.
Top of the bread browns nicely, and the loaf has a wonderful crunchy crust.
I typically line it with pastry paper, sprinkled with a little corn meal.
No need to wash--just shake off the flour/corn meal.
I also bought one for my father, who also bakes artisan bread.
He has been as equally pleased as I have been!.
I own two and use them to make African sourdough bread, which is the staple bread in our house.
Wonderful crust on the bread results with baking it in this stoneware.
I have had to make my bread in the barbeque unit while the kitchen was being renovated and it works well that way too.
Take care to put the bread into the La Cloche with the bottom still on the rack in the hot oven door way.
They tend to crack if suddenly exposed to cooler temperatures.
As a newbie when it comes to bread baking I quickly got the impression that owning one of these brick ovens is a &#34;must have&#34;.
I am new to sourdough baking and couldn't be more satisfied with this item.
I was worried about the replacement being broken too but I was lucky because the packaging was still not any better.
Sassafras box is ok but amazon needs to put way more bubble wrap in their box and a &#34;FRAGILE&#34; sticker would be a good idea.
If you have trouble finding it, look by the laxatives, as it is used by some for that purpose.
Before I used the peel, I put it on a box in my basement and oiled it front and back.
My feeling is that if you take the time to do the initial prep, this will be around a long time.
There are some more expensive peels that use an engineered material (basically layers of paper and plastic laminated together) that will go in the dishwasher.
If you decide not to get this peel, you should take a close look at those.
Here's one:Epicurean Cutting Surfaces 23-by-14-Inch Pizza Peel, Slate.
Just flour it up and slide your pizza on the stone.
It works with both homemade and premade frozen pizzas.
Great for making pizza, from start to finish.
Mine warps when I wash it but goes back into shape when it dries.
Eventually, this will probably cause it to split.
I may try a metal one next time.
Light weight, just the right size for my oven.
And remember be gentle when cutting your pizza on it.
The pizza peel works great and we use it often.
The quality of the product is top rate.
My only concern is storing it as it is large (though that was obvious when we purchased it).
Don't substitute olive or other edible oils, as they will go rancid.
Let the peel absorb all the oil it can (I did a few coats, rubbing it in with a paper towel).
Then voila, you have a well-conditioned tool that won't dry out and crack.
I have never had a pizza peel before but now I don't know how I got along without it.
It truly does make life in the kitchen so much easier.
This was not the most expensive peel but it seems perfectly adequate to me and I feel like a "real" baker now.
I use the peel mainly for bread and have had no problems.
It took mine almost 3/4 cup applied over 3 days before no more oil was absorbed.
Even after many uses, the peel gets an light oil rubdown once in a while.
Have not needed to get any water near it for "cleaning".
A light wipe with a dry paper towel works.
Water and wood do not mix!  As for sticking problems, if corn meal does not provide enough slide, try using parchment paper.
Am absolutely happy with this product and expect it to last for many many years.
Maybe I will if I can figure out where to get mineral oil.
If you are going to bake bread or pizza you need a peel.
This one is the perfect size for me.
It fits into the oven drawer or you can hang it up.
Just be sure to season it with mineral oil before use and you are all set.
This marvellous utensil from Sassafras makes short shrift of that most difficult of fruits, the bread.
Thanks to popular British chefs like Jammy Olivier, Gordo McRamsay and Fanny Craddock, the bread has gone from relative obscurity to fashionable kitchen must-have.
A must have.Item was well packaged and arrived on time.
If you make your own pizza, either by reheating a frozen or a custom fresh home-made pizza, this is a valuable must-have tool.
It's relatively easy to use and washes up fine.
You'll save yourself a lot of headaches and you'll feel like pro (but it won't make your pizza taste better).My only complaint is storing it.
It's too big to store in a drawer, and I don't have extra wall space to just hook it up.
I hangs on my pantry door and annoyingly clunks every time I open it.
But, that's minor.FYI: If you can avoid cutting your pizza on the board, do so.
It saves a lot of wear and tear on the board's surface, keeping it smooth for the pizza to slide on and off with.
For cutting and serving, an aluminum pizza pan (or similar) does the trick without torturing your wooden pizza peel.
I was hesitant ordering this peel because it looked a little too thick in the pictures.
It's actually thinner than it appears and I've had no trouble sliding it under a finished pizza.
Just be sure to sprinkle it well with corn meal before assembling your pizza on it.
Only problem: it will stain when you inevitably get melted cheese on it.Overall, it works perfectly but an aluminum peel might be easier to clean.
For anyone that lives off of frozen-pizza's, this is a must!  Just makes inserting and taking out of the pizza easy and burn-scar free.
I will be purchasing another one for my son.
The reason for the 4-star was that the wood wasn't treated at all and felt "rough".
There are other baker's peels out there that have an aluminum base and sell for around $20.
I happened to see this one on sale in a department store so I went ahead and got it.
I make pizza and focaccia on ocassion so it works fine for me.
I sprinkle on a little cornmeal before putting on the crust and it slides right off.
I was able to slip it under the pizza and slide it onto the peel in one smooth attempt.
Another product that kept producing great tasting coffee.
The press works fine, and makes good coffee.
Easy to clean (the screen is always a bit tricky to wash in any press) and it keeps coffee hot about an hour or so.
It's durable, mine's been dropped a couple of times, and steady when you are applying pressure to press the coffee.
I bought it to tide us over after the movers packed our regular coffee make.
My wife got one and I got tired of her hogging it so we got one for me.
When we went to work on our retirement home we ordered a third one for there.
I see some people complain that it doesn't keep the coffee hot enough.
Make sure you are turning the top so that it is not in the pour position when you get your first cup.
I find that it stays hot for about two hours.
Yes, like most french-press systems it does tend to get some grounds in your coffee but not enough to bother us.
This press can handle being bumped around a kitchen sink or cupboard.
Keeps coffee hot for more than an hour.
Just be sure to prewarm it with hot water prior to making your coffee.
I have had this for about a week now.
So far it works well, and I love the fact that it keeps the coffee hot.
I have had no problem with grinds getting through the mesh either.
Mesh has bent some, so some grounds leak into the main part of the chamber.
Not enough to be an issue, we just avoid the last sip in our cups.
Sturdy and good looking stainless French press.It does not retain the heat no more than.
But that's better than most F.Presses out there at this price range.
I've had this for about 2 months now and it hasn't broken, which is always good.
I put it in the dishwasher even though you're techincally not supposed to...haven't had a problem yet.
I figured I'd try a stainless steel model for a change and it has definitely held up to some abuse.
These are most prevalent around the top of the carafe where the plastic meets the steel.
Even with its flaws, I wouldn't dream of spending the $100 on that fancy stainless steel french press (highest rated steel one on Amazon).
This is a great french press (with a few issues).
As it's stainless and insulated it keeps coffee hot much longer than a typical glass french press design will.
Secondly, being that it's stainless it's much more durable than it's glass counterparts.
I frequently use a butter knife to stir in this and it works just great.The downsides of this unit are few but they warrant mentioning.
The top plastic lid has no strain in it.
A typical BODUM brand french press has a little vertical strain in the lid to catch any rogue grounds that may be above the press.
The press itself shares it's design with every other press that I have owned being that it is a multi-part unit that unscrews for cleaning/replacement.
The biggest failing of all french press units that I have encountered is that they simply don't brew enough coffee at once.
My wife and I have oversized mugs and each tend to drink 2 cups in the morning.
To accomplish this with as little pain as possible we brew two pots of pressed coffee.
Once in a BODUM glass press (which we drink first) and a second (brewed at the same time) in the stainless.
who wants to wait around for their second cup??!?!?I would buy this again and don't have any issues recommending it.
I seem to always drop or otherwise destroy my glass coffee maker pots.
I was really glad to come across this one on Amazon.
I've noticed that French Press coffee tastes the best and it is great to have a French press that keeps the coffee hot, too.
I've not had any problems with how it works.
The inside fits well and it is easy to clean.
Recently I've had to switch from real coffee to coffee substitutes and this works well for the brands that I have tried.
I'm very happy with this product.Thermos Nissan 34-Ounce Vacuum Insulated Stainless-Steel Gourmet Coffee Press.
Beware: Lid IS plastic (to leach) into your brewThis is my  very first experience with french presses.Just got it today.
There are any number of GREAT french presses out there but they are glass and they WILL eventually break - I know I've broken many.
We have used our Nissan daily for two years now.
The screen is fine, the coffee is as good as the coffee you put in it.
It is ridiculously expensive, go buy one and never look back.
Oh yeah, don't be an idiot, handle the screen with a little care.
I have used this Thermos a number of times.
Of course, you have to develop your own methods and timing to create your own perfect brew.
I would recommend getting an extra screen or two.
Mine developed a small kink along one of the edges (definately because of user error) which allows some of the grinds to pass by.
I think that just makes it a better cup-a-joe.
Most importantly...it keeps the coffee hot for a least a couple of hours.
That's using water out of one of those pre-heated water dispensers.
If it were boiling water, I'm sure that time would be extended.
You don't have to worry about anything breaking.
For the low price, I definately recommend this item.
I bought this for my fiance when I broke his glass press :/ Figured I'd get something I couldn't break.
The screen gets bent from regular use, due to the plastic rim at the top.
The grounds also get stuck between the screen/metal frame so I have to completely disassemble this press to clean EVERY TIME I use it.
I also use it to make tea since it keeps things hot for a long time.
No worries about camping or sailing with it.
It really is just a no-brainer to get a french press that isn't glass.
I bought this for my husband because he wanted to try a coffee press versus a coffee maker.
French press is sturdy, well protected double walled stainless steel pot.
Works best heating it first with hot water before making coffee.
4 stars since it needs a screen over the pour spout.
Have had some grounds come out with the coffee.
This press keeps coffee hot much, much longer than ANY glass press.
The only thing better(that holds coffee, practically) would be an actual thermos with an insulated, screw on lid.
I knocked of a star for two reasons.
First, as others have stated the screen does not seem to fit well.
I don't feel you should have to do that right out of the box.
Secondly, there is a small hole on the bottom of the plastic base.
Not sure of it's purpose but when washing, if you're not extremely careful, water will get inside.
I only noticed because I could hear the water inside.
On getting this water out, I noticed it smelled of stale, old water.
So, I filled it with water, the best I could, to flush it out.
It can be removed by shaking the press in a certain way but it's slow and tedious.
My wife and I are more careful washing it now and it has not been an issue.
Got a little weary of the coffee always being cold by the time I got to the second cup.This solved the problem.
Like its looks and like that it keeps coffee warm enough for me to finish a "batch" without having to "nuke" it.
So, when I read all the glowing praises of the French Press method of brewing, I just had to give it a try.
It's not 1000x better than drip, as some have stated, verbatim.
And, you might have to get used to grounds in the bottom of your cup.
But I've definitely been converted.At first, I wasn't that overwhelmed.
Having compared the two, I'd never buy a larger glass carafe.
The press quickly disassembles for better cleaning of the filter.
Working in construction, I've abused one of their thermos models with many years of accidental drops and such, and it still works perfectly.
Looking at the design and build-quality of this press, I expect it'll last just as well.
There are a couple areas it could be improved though.
One:  the lid could be better sealed and insulated, which would keep the coffee hot even longer.
It should certainly be the last one I ever need.
I have been using coffee presses for awhile and really like the process and the end product.
It can take awhile to get the hang of it to avoid too many grounds in the cup.
I like a fresh pressed coffee, and it also keeps the coffee hot for about an hour.
I like it because it's one less thing to plug in.
I can also bring it to the table.
Wanted a portable press with out worrying about glass breaking.
(fresh is 2-7 days off the roast, 30 days off the roast begins to become stale).
We also purchased a Hario ceramic hand mill.
Good exercise grinding by hand and you are never without power for your grinder.This was easy to clean too.
The filter is 3 pieces that thread onto the end of the shaft.
I had been happily using a 8-cup french press that I bought here on Amazon about 6 years ago.
After spending an hour or so looking at reviews I decided to go with theThermos Nissan 34-Ounce Vacuum Insulated Stainless-Steel Gourmet Coffee Press.
I really liked the idea of it being insulated, even if the coffee made in our press is gone in less than 20 minutes.
Additionally I have owned theThermos Nissan 32 Ounce Stainless Steel Carafefor about 10 years, so I am familiar with the quality.
In using it I have been very happy that I chose it.
It keeps the grounds out of my coffee and it keeps it warmer longer than my other did.
The look of it is nice too and matches the other black and stainless items in my kitchen.
I definitely recommend it for it's use, quality and price.
The thermal properties don't really concern me because I decant into another container immediately after brewing.Inexpensive, unlike the Bodum Columbia and Frieling.
I pour through a tea strainer to catch them.The plunging mechanism completely comes apart for thorough cleaning.
Each piece -- other than the obvious black plastic top -- is completely metal (no silicone ring).
Use this every morning now for my coffee.
I do find that I can't drink to the bottom of the mug after the final pour, because of grounds that have escaped the screen.
Also have to make sure to press down slowly, or the coffee will escape out the spout.
I bought this coffee press to take camping and it has worked out well.
Note: buy coffee ground a bit coarser than drip grind because the smaller grind will yield to grounds in your cup.
I have ysed ine if there for 5+ years now and the friends and family I gifted with it like it.
I bought this after having borrowed a friend'sBodum Chambord 8-Cup Coffee Press, and so far I am pretty impressed with Thermos's version.
However, the slower you press on Thermos's model, the better its filter works.
Seriously -- don't rush the thing, despite the coffee-coma in the morning.
Then you can put the lid back down and proceed pressing v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y.
Bought this to use when camping and love it.
I bought this after we went camping and our friends had one.
It keeps the coffee warm and WON'T BREAK!.
After breaking 4 glass French presses, I got this beast and I love it.
Bonus that it really does keep coffee hot for a long time!  Up to a couple hours, I'd say.
It is easy to use and quite durable.
After several years of use mine is a bit dented but works great and keeps the coffee warm much longer than the glass versions.
This is the only way I make coffee now in the RV.
so I know how much water to put in for the amount of grounds I have added.
This is my first coffee press - I chose it because of it's insulation features.
It does a really great job at making a delicious coffee and is easy to use.
I use this press at home but also for camping.
I love how it &#34;brews&#34; my coffee, hot and so flavorful!.
I like this little french press coffee maker.
I bought this one and I love it.
It is small, so I can make a cup or two of coffee without problem.
The coffee doesn't stay warm all that long but long enough for a second cup.
It is well made, breaks down easy enough for cleaning and all in all works well for me.
I bought a second on to take to a  cabin up north because it is just so easy to use and durable.
This Thermos-based insulated model keeps the coffee hot during the brewing process.
To prevent over-brewing, I immediately transfer the coffee to an actual Thermos immediately after the four-minute French press brewing cycle is complete.
So you see, I don't actually use this insulated French press as a decanter/carafe; I only use it as a brewing receptacle.
I get tasty and hot French-press coffee every time!Here's my process:1.
Boil in microwave 1 cup tap water, pour it into French press, place cover onto French press, but do *not* press the filter down.
This will pre-heat, or "hot-charge" - the French Press.
This is an *essential* step if you want hot coffee!2.
Boil in microwave enough filtered water to fill the French press to nearly the top of the container.
Let boiled water stand until temperature drops to 190 degrees (a couple of minutes should do it).3.
Transfer hot-charged water from French Press to Thermos (my decanter/carafe) to hot-charge it.
This is another *essential* step if you want hot coffee!5.
When brewing water is ready (hot), place the grounds into the French Press.6.
Pour the filtered and heated brewing water into the French press, place lid onto top of press, but do not press the plunger down yet.
Rotate the lid so that the dispenser hole appears to be closed.
Wait total of 4 minutes for coffee to brew.7.
After 3 minutes of brewing, empty the pre-charged water form the Thermos/carafe.8.
After 4 minutes of brewing, slowly but firmly press the plunger down on the French press until it stops.9.
Rotate the lid so that the dispenser hole appears to be open.
Transfer the brewed coffee from the French press to the Thermos/carafe.10.
Enjoy!Seems a little convoluted, but comes naturally with practice, and the results are worth it.
It's insulated - so teas like Chai or herbal teas can just stay in the thermos.
I'm seriously thinking of buying a second one.
I accidentally proke my old french press, and decided to upgrade to an insulated model.
Either that, or replace the mesh screen on the plunger.
If not, you will have grinds in your morning coffee.
I make tea in the morning and drink it throughout the day and it is still warm in the evening.
The &#34;French press style&#34; tea strainer works well.
This is my absolute favorite purchase from Amazon so far.
This french press is unbreakable, keeps the coffee hot for well over an hour, is easy to clean and makes an incredibly delicious cup.
It is big enough to get about 3 cups of coffee out of it (perfect for my husband and I in the morning).
If you love french pressed coffee, this is definitely the way to go!.
I decided to try this one after breaking a few glass presses over the years.
I only use it on weekends but the glass ones seem just too fragile.
This press is very well made and great value.
Keeps coffee hot for a while so yo don't feel rushed to drink it.
Very easy to clean and seems like it can take a beating with breaking.
Press down slowly and evenly and you won't have any coffee grounds in your cup.
It looks very nice, it is good quality, the only thing is that it has limited capacity.
Why didn't I see this years ago! I could've avoided hundreds of lukewarm cups of coffee.
I also love the fact that it is SS and won't break like the fragile glass one that it replaced.
So terrific that I bought two? Great for travel and home.
I take a press places where other coffee pots aren't practical.
We don't have power in hunting camp, and I never liked the coffee from stove top percs.
My old press (don't remember the brand) was OK, but the sieve broke off from the plunger handle due to a weak design.
This press is a much sturdier design, and I look forward to using it often.
I doubt I will ever have to replace this one.
When you are the only coffee drinker in the house, this French press works beautifully.
I understand why it was backordered and it was worth waiting for.
We use this every morning now instead of our drip coffee maker.
Much better taste but we do need to filter it with a screen to keep out too many grounds.
maybe its me but this takes a lot of coffee and the output isn't as good as my drip brew.
I suppose it is what you get used to.
The thing works as it should and does keep the coffee warm for some time.
I can't blame the machine for the taste of the brew it is probably caused by the brewmeister.
We bought this coffee press as part of our backup system for our frequent power outages.
We like it so much, we may order another for that purpose and use this one on a regular basis.
Well constructed - easy to use, and the thermos keeps the coffee hot for a couple of hours.
Broke 2 glass carafes in a matter of months and decided to look for an alternative.
It's an adjustment not being able to see the coffee as I'm brewing, but not really a big deal.
Before you put the ground coffee in here, fill it with hot water and let it sit for a minute.
I'm sure I let mine sit longer than the instructions indicate (I never time it), but it never comes out bitter.
It's also easy to clean.You do need to use a fairly coarse grind, but that is fine.
It still makes coffee strong enough to my liking and it is smooth.
I really enjoy coffee made with a press.
Regardless of the coffee brand there is no acid taste and the coffee tastes really good.
This press is not made of glass and is insulated.
I've already broken one glass one and decided to go with the stainless steel this time.
Once you've tried coffee made with a press you won't like anyone else's coffee nearly as much as your own.
However, it does tend to drip as you pull away the coffee cup from the press.
That said, one must prepare for the drip.
My son loves this coffee press - perfect size for 1 or 2 and the coffee stays much hotter than in a traditional press.
As others have stated the filter occasionally gets bent and allows grounds through.
It is a simple matter to bend it back to it's original position.
It is the same filter found on most presses, so I don't imagine it bends any more than any other.
The thermos works well and will keep the coffee hot for hours.
It keeps liquids hot for a very long time.
We love French-pressed coffee and after breaking the glass carafe of ours we decided that this would be our replacement.
No more broken glass and it works great! We get about 3-12 oz.
mugs of coffee out of a full pot.
They now have to use a communal coffee pot that's deemed to be &#34;energy friendly&#34;, whatever the heck that means......lol.
And a communal coffee pot may be full of germs, rarely washed, who knows what brands of coffee they use, etc.
He drinks a LOT of coffee so this was the perfect solution! It works well and makes delicious coffee to boot!.
I have broken so many french presses over the years that i finally got one I can't break.
This pot is of excellent quality and makes the best tasting coffee ever.
It's a Thermos product and it's double wall really keeps coffe hot.
It looks good and the stainless is meant to hold up  Easy to replace filter in plunger.
We bought it because our glass double walled press broke.
This one works better than what we had before, is lighter, keeps coffer warmer, and looks great.
My roommate's Keurig is dying and I was curious about French presses so I decided to try one.
I went with this one because it was insulated.
I can't speak to it's durability just yet, but it seems to be very well-made for the price.
After breaking our second glass carafe in our Bodum French press, we opted for this stainless steel version.
Even though we're suffering from Bodum-grief, we are getting the hang of this press pot.
well, you know.) The mesh just does not keep the grounds from getting through on the sides.
We will try the old Bodum mesh in its place and see if that's any improvement.
Also, if you want to keep your second cup warm, plan on decanting into a preheated thermal carafe with a tight-fitting lid.
This pot only keeps it hot for less than an hour, even after preheating with very hot water for 5-10 minutes.
BUT - the coffee is still excellent, and as we are old codgers, it does not bother our stomachs at all.
I don't love the Nissan - yet - but it's growing on me.
easy to use and clean and keeps coffee hot long time.
gets me jacked in the morning to start a hike.
Bearing in mind that other stainless presses sell for $70, this one at $30 is great.Some people have complained about sediment.
Just increase grind size and also realize, this is a trait of French Presses to a degree.
It is a bit of a trade-off for the balanced smooth coffee.
My expensive glass press also leaches a bit of the coffee grinds into the beverage.I have now used this unit for about a year.
I have tried several other solutions I received as gifts and have returned to this.
It does a great job for about 1-1 1/2 hours and it is still drinkably hot after 2.
At that point, you don't want the coffee sitting in with the grinds anyway.
And while it doesn't look as elegant as the $70 models, it looks great in our new stainless steel kitchen.
We enjoy our French press coffee in the morning and now it stays warm until we empty this thermos press.
Not one coffee ground in the coffee.The press is a joy to use and I am so glad I picked this unit.
We've already taken it camping and away for the weekend with out worrying about it getting broken.
I have been using this for at least 6 months now.
You get Nissan's quality vacuum insulation, and a sturdy press mechanism.
The rod is not fused to the screen with plastic like in the Starbucks units.
The press consists of four metal pieces that easily break down for cleaning.
The container is also wide enough to get your hand into, also benefitting cleaning.
Best of all, for klutzes like myself, it's unbreakable!.
and that is if you like your coffee HOT!  For the next hour it is warm and after that it's room temperature.
These results are for an ambient temperature of 65 degrees F.
I bought this coffee press because I had a glass one and it didn't last very long.
This press seems very sturdy, and is easy to clean.
I have a cheap grinder and as long as you don't grind the coffee too fine it works very well.
The press doesn't leave much mud in the mug as long as you don't grind the coffee too fine.
I have only used this for a couple weeks but have no complaints!.
I went through several glass presses before seeking out a metal one I couldn't break.
I've been using the Nissan a month now and am completely happy with it.
I'd like to address a couple of issues I see other people raising.Some have said it's not a double-walled thermos.
However, the lid is a single (thick) layer of plastic.
What I can't say is how long it would keep fresh-pressed coffee hot, because I wouldn't think of trying to store it.
Coffee made in a french press should be consumed IMMEDIATELY.
You want coffee you can drink three hours from now -- use a drip coffeemaker.
The oils that make french pressed coffee taste better than drip also give it a short lifespan.
I've held this mesh up under a strong light next to two other brands -- they are identical and completely interchangeable.
I have to wonder if something they're doing is causing that.
Perhaps the people having trouble are shoving the plunger down hard and fast, as actors often do for dramatic effect on TV.
Folks, don't do that; the plunger exerts pressure that has to be released somewhere.
The plunger shaft, embedded through a close-fitting punched-out hole in the plastic lid, moves freely up and down, but isn't going anywhere.
The other three parts that screw on (the mesh and the two flatteners) are identical to steel parts you've seen on other presses.
No cheap substitutes here.A big thing I like about this model: the dripless pouring spout.
Yes, it's plastic, but the coffee doesn't linger there - everything inside the container, where the coffee sits, is all steel.
Some reviewers warned of other metal presses that their spouts dribbled, that it was necessary to put a saucer underneath when pouring.
No plastic touches the coffee except the pouring spout.
So, if just getting a thermos is your priority, this isn't the item you're looking for.
Mesh is industry standard size/make and easily replaceable.
Handle, lid and spout are heavy, thick plastic.
What else is there to know? I love mine.
If you're shopping around for a stainless steel coffee press, your search is over.
I bought this coffee press in 2009, and it has been in use everyday for my morning ritual.
After breaking two different glass coffee presses, I decided to purchase the Thermos Nissan product.
The Thermos Nissan keeps my coffee hotter than a glass Bodum press and is a whole heck of a lot more durable!.
The thermos is airtight, keeps coffee warm for hours and is a wonderful french press.
I bought for the larger capacity because my glass one just didn't make enough to fill my mug.
Sometimes I make coffee and leave it overnight in the fridge in the thermos and it stays for a day or two, it's wonderful!.
I bought a glass french press in target in person and when i got home and took it out the box the glass was cracked.
It was one of the reasons i didn't want to buy it online for that fear.
I saw the thermos french press and it came in perfect.
very sturdy and it does keep the coffee warm.
Will be returning the other one in target.
I gave this to my in-laws as a Christmas gift and it was VERY well received.
It isn't as large as the larger Bodum French press, but the quality is fantastic.
I wanted a french press that was durable and could take a moderate beating if necessary.
Was great being able to drink real coffee in the morning while camping.
Would highly recommend bring along on you next trip.
Used it daily on a week-long camping trip to the Tetons and Yellowstone.
I really think you should buy one now.Update March 2014: Still love it.
Keeps the liquid quite warm for more than a couple hours.
I mean a lot!  I have MS and my partner has Cerebral Palsy.
I didn't know a stainless steel one existed until Amazon "suggested" it.
I put hot water in it the night before and it is still warm in the morning.
Just this morning I got up around 7 and my dear darling did not wake up until 10 and he had hot coffee.
Five stars and worth every one!  We are available to stress-test things, seriously!.
Warm this up with hot water before making your coffee and it will stay hot for a while.
I'm a stickler for hot coffee and bought this for the thermal quality and it has not disappointed!!.
It will keep your coffee hot for hours.
Unless you do like me, and buy some for your friends.
This thermos French press is perfect for keeping your fresh brew hot while drinking the first cup.
Over the years I've had several french presses.
yes there will be grounds not trapped by the filter.
I've never owned a french press that trapped all the grounds.
This is great in every way except that it doesnt really keep coffee hot all that long.
This thermos coffee press performs exactly as advertised.
It is well made and the press fits tight.
Even with a fairly fine grind, few coffee grounds get poured into your cup.
The thermos keeps coffee drinkably warm for hours, and it cleans up quick and easy.
I like this coffee press because it keeps coffee warm much longer than glass presses.
It's durable as I don't worry about breaking any part as I have broken glass presses in the past.
These pots keep coffee hot for over an hour.
They don't break and that is the most important thing.
They may not have quite as good a flavor, but I cannot tell.
The biggest problem is that the plunger on all of them lets through some coffee grounds.
Once the first cup is poured the problem seems to have been resolved.
After breaking 2 glass French presses I finally found this.
Its great to have it contained in a thermos.
This is great for both home use and camping.
I like the fact that it is unbreakable.I don't like that there are always grounds in my coffee.
No problems with functioning of the press and yes, there will be some grounds that get into your coffee.
Suck it up or grind your own using a less fine grind.
This insulated coffee press is a great advancement over the regular glass container type.
First of all, pressed coffee just has that extra flavor and body that drip coffee doesn't quite have.
Now you don't have to endure a scalding first cup and an icy last cup due to a glass container letting all the heat escape.
This one stays hot! You can toast your tongue on the third cup as well.
(Well, maybe for up to a half hour or so.)My only issue with presses is they are a bit messy to clean.
Especially if you are in a confined area like a hotel room, RV, or jail cell.
Water gets between the metal liner and the plastic shell, and is hard to get out.
Just like my insulated mug, the water seeps out on its own terms, usually on the counter or my pants.
Also, they say 8 cups; I say more like 6.
Nissan skipped all the la-te-da do nothing design stuff and made something that is clean, functional and effective.
Then they sell it at a reasonable price.Why can't more manufacturers do things this way!.
My only complaint is it doesnt have a screw lid.
Im not a normal press user, so I could be wrong on this though process.
Very well made, it does keep your coffee hot for approx five hours or so.
I took it this past weekend to So.
Lake Tahoe and everyone used it and loved it.
Insulated! Insulated! Insulated!  Delicious hot freshly pressed coffee even if you get called away to another BS meeting.
That is all the selling point I needed.
Great quality press screen and well finished carafe.
The coffee really does taste as good as it smells.
Automatic brewers heat the water and brew the coffee in BPA-infused plastic.
I had a scalded tongue for a week after I got the coffee press.
I've learned to use refrigerated half-and-half instead of powdered "creamer".
She lives in Albuquerque, so we are running down to the New Mexico Pinon Coffee Company and buying some pinon coffee beans.
Their "Route 66" is my favorite blend and I can't wait to taste it, hot and fresh out of my press.
The French plunger filters are fairly ubiquitous and easily found @ 2nd hand stores where I live.
And I found an insertable sleeve at Porto Rico on Bleeker St for $5.
I was a little concerned about the issues people had with the screen, but I figured I could always get a Bodum screen.
As it turns out, the screen was fine.
It is true that the lid doesn't fit in a tight waterproof manner, but this is a coffee maker, not a portable thermos.
I had no drips or mess when I poured it into my mug, and the coffee was HOT.
I had a glass french press that broke, so we decided to buy something sturdier this time.
It works great and I'm sure it will last a long time, especially since the mesh screen is replaceable.
One thing I miss about the clear glass one is that you could see how much coffee was left, but its no big deal.
My glass french press broke, due to my sink.
I have a trip planned that I can even take this with me on.
The second cup is even hot due to the double insulated walls.
I knew that I could trust Thermos brand.
I even tried my Boudin screen on it, and it fits!.
I use it all the time, so much better coffee then the drip coffee maker we used to use, totally worth it.
My only complaint is the thin filter gets really sharp on the edges.
First experienced in NZ and had to have.
Love plunger coffee and the thermos makes it possible.
You must follow instructions to pre-warm the container.
Let's face it: French press coffee is vile.
Murky, gritty, and acrid, it invariably has become lukewarm by the time you press the plunger and cold by the time it hits your cup.
But if you insist on ingesting sludge, the Nissan 32-ounce insulated press will at least keep it hot for an hour or so.
It's also fairly convenient for brewing loose teas, although the tea will continue to become stronger after it's plunged.
I have used it when cooking to filter berry juice and stock.
The screen/plunger assembly is sturdy and comes apart easily for thorough cleaning.
The pot has a wide enough mouth to get a hand in for washing.
The screen buckles a tiny bit at the edges when inserted into the pot.
This can allow a very small amount of grounds escape confinement while plunging.
That's why I give it four rather than five stars.
After having the 4 or 5th glass press crack or break, I decided I would find something that was not so sensitive.
This makes me feel like I'm going camping or something, but you can't beat the solidness of this French Press.
Keeps my coffee hot and is easy to use and clean.
It's fairly large, but I get about 4 cups of coffee out of it.
This insulated french press is great for camping and for kitchen use.
These knives are useful and helpful when serving cheeses while entertaining.
They are perfectly suited for their purpose, and I've even purchased more to be given as gifts.
These are well made and look and perform great.
I have used two out of the three knives, first remember the set is under $10.00 for the set.
Hand wash and dry , will last through many a holiday season.
What attracted me was the stainless steel on the handles.
Wood handles shouldn't go in the dishwasher because they dry out and split.
Hand washing will also dry the wood out after a while.
Haven't used a lot, but okay so far.
Fantastic for having your cheese and crackers, at the same time while watching television, and/or playing games, like me!  Great deal.
And your couch potato will love it, too!.
I have enjoyed my previous Prodyne cheese slicer, this adds the cracker well.
I bought this because we wanted an easy solution for slicing cheese to have with crackers.
Practically, it slices cheese with ease and looks great for presentation with the built in cracker well.
Easy to clean, great to use, and fairly compact to store.
In today's litigious world, one really can't entertain without the Prodyne Beechwood CS/STwRCW.
The attached slicer takes away all of the worry.
The cheese slicer can also be used for olives and hard boiled eggs.
I got this cheese cutter as a gift for my 80 year old mom, along with a selection of yummy cheeses.
I was very pleased with the quality of this product.
The wood is lovely and finished nicely and it really does slice cheese well.
A few minor adjustments (per the included instructions) and this baby was ready to cut the cheese!.
We received this cheese cutter board as a weeding gift.
I love that is has a cracker well around the edge and there is no need to replate the cheese.
We have only used it once and it cut the cheese just fine.
Other than this we like It and are happy to have gotten it.
I had a cheese tray, but it didn't have room for crackers.
I had to put the crackers on a separate plate.
This tray was just what I was looking for.
In some reviews, people mentioned that the cheese cutter did not arrive aligned correctly.
Mine was fine when it arrived and I have not had any problems.
I bought this as a gift for my mom who loves to do cheese and crackers when she has a guest over.
I wanted to get her something that she could both cut and serve the cheese on without it looking ghetto.
She immediately fell in love with it and used it that night.
She's had no problems with the wire breaking and she uses it on cheddar cheese.
This is a well made product for the money - nice wood and a good cutting mechanism.
I bought this so I could put a variety of chunks of cheese on a plate and allow the guests to cut their own size.
Everyone loved being able to decide how large their slice of cheese was.
This is very handy, attractive for serving cheese and accompaniments.
It is about the size of a dinner plate with an extension on one side for the cheese cutter.
I like that replacement wires can be purchased although I had the small rectangular version for many  years and never had to replace the wire.
The cutter even does a good job on soft or crumbly cheeses.
I will be giving these as gifts this year because they are nice quality at a reasonable price.
Does a good job of slicing most any texture of cheese.
I use it often and it would be a good gift.
Washes up nicely and perfect for a party.
I  bought this for my parents who had one for years, LOVED IT and used it regularly.
The cheese cutting wire wasn't functioning properly on the original so I turned it over and found a sticker with Prodyne listed.
To my amazement, I found them on Amazon and purchased the cheese cutter/tray for my folks.
Slices cheese good, but shows knife marks on finish when I use for cutting board.
Isn't there a better finish for hardwood boards?.
Nice quality board, but the wire has trouble cutting a larger block of cheese.
I was unable to find an old-style cheese slicer with a wire and rigid handle, so we opted for this cutting board with wire attached.
The board is high quality and even treated so that it's easy to clean, and the wire does a pretty good job.
It's still much better than trying to use a knife.
I love cheese as a snack and also for cooking sometimes, so it was very nice to find something effective for slicing it.
I purchased a similar product at BB&B, but had to return it because of inferior quality.
The board was splintered and was not really very attractive.
This Prodyne BB-120 board is really good looking, has no splinters and is very efficient at slicing big blocks of cheese.
Nice looking slicer and bamboo should stay looking good for some time.
Cutting wire is good & tight, cuts thru sharp cheddar like butter.
I can understand where people would have concerns about the cutting wire being misaligned, but would be a very easy fix.
Very easy to clean and cuts through all cheeses with ease.
Now if only it came with a bottle of wine.
Not a whole lot you need to say about something like this.
MUCH handier than any hand held cheese slicers or knives.
I originally bought one of these for our household.
We buy blocks of cheese and make our own slices to the desired width.
Over time, I bought about 4 others for family and friends as gifts.
After several years and lots of use, the wire had to be replaced for cutting.
They can be bought on line as well.
This is OK for cutting fresh cold process soap, which is typically pretty soft coming out of the molds.
For the price, it works, but I know it won't last long with the amount of use it gets.
I am part owner in a couple wineries - think lots of cut cheese for the clients on the weekends.
So I have used the slicer dicers of other brands.
Of course heed their wire replacement program, as I have sent back 2 wires to replace, but it's free! And it's easy to replace.
And it lasted for many hours of cutting before someone misaligned the cut a few times and &#34;hack&#34;.
So I have 4 different styles now of Prodyne and they are great.
I think the management at Prodyne has their customer service perfect.
I've had this brand for 40+ years and it is still working great with original wire.
I ordered this one for Xmas gift, hope it lasts 40+ years for new owner.
The other designs range from a little useful on a temporary basis to--totally useless.This is good design, reasonable quality.
This one was purchased by request of our daughter for her birthday, but we all ready own one and use it all the time.
I have never used a nicer cheese cutter.
If you can keep the wire from getting bent, this is the best cheese slicer we have tried.
We got one good one, and one not so good.
Quality seems to be the uck of the draw.
Just make sure you carefully clean out the cutting channel so cheese or other food doesn't accumulate in there.
This was a definite hit for a x-mas gift when I bought it, not just with the recipient either.
a nice slicer for block cheeses -- sharp looking, and does the job well.
Cheese crumbs get stuck in the opening and sometimes difficult to get out.
Works well, but not for very hard cheeses - for these I prefer 8 or 10 in chef knife.
My wife and I love cheese and cut up a lot of squares for all kinds of snacks.
Have had two other products before, not satisfied with either.
This one is very strong and very reliable.
We love this little gadget..it works great and makes it realeasy to serve up the cheese..:0)I really like it alot.
After an exhaustive search locally I turned to trusty Amazon and purchased the Prodyne 12 x 6 inch cheese slicer.
You can control the thickness of the slices and there is very little mess.
Even the groove is easy to clean with a table knife and a damp paper towel or cloth.
Be aware that you may need to adjust the wire initially.....in other words read the directions on BOTH sides of the sheet provided.
It's not overly large, but certainly big enough to tackle most of the cheese slicing tasks I encounter.
It got quite the workout over the holidays when my family, serious cheese-lovers all, descended for a visit.
You need to pull the handle out about 1/2" in order to line up the cutting wire with the slot.
After that, it's fine, but don't try to slice cheese with this until you've made that adjustemnt or you could break the wire.
The instructions explain what you need to do.In my opinion, this is the closest thing to a perfect cheese slicer that I've found.
Don't pay any attention to the negative comments about the wire lining up.
Just move the arm in or out until the wire is lined up.
It gets misalligned with use, so it's easy to fix.
I use soap and water to clean, and it doesn't hurt this beech wood at all.
I like that it is lighter than the marble ones.
For cheese lovers, a block and wire setup is the only way to go.
The size and functionality of this cutter is excellant!.
may get two more for my mother and I.
Feels quite solid, looks good, and cuts cheese.
What else can you ask for? Price, well, it's not really cheap, but seems fair enough.
Hand wash this only and dry it right off.
It's not like it's going to get REALLY dirty in normal.
Okay, maybe when the kids use it for Play-Do.
We've had a ton of cheese slicers, but this is by far our favorite.
Now, we save money by buying the larger blocks of cheese, and cutting them as needed.
I wish it had qualified for free shipping, but I will say that I ordered it on Monday evening and had it by Tuesday afternoon.
Cheese slicer slices cheese as thick or thin as you want.
Even with lots of washings, it does great.
I use them to cut my homemade soaps, it works beautifully.
My thoughtful husband bought this for me, since I suffer from Rheumatoid arthritis.
I can no longer grip a knife, but I can easily use this cheese cutter.
Pat the soap maker says this saved my sanity.
I can not cut straight, but that sure changed.
Now every bar of soap is the same size.
I do wish it had a deeper throat to facilitate taller bars of soap.
I promise, you will be doing yourself a MASSIVE disservice if you don't get this cheese slicer.
We (2 people) go through cheese at a frightening rate.
However, since this baby came into our lives, we've been slicing up cheese like there's no tomorrow.
The wire is easy to adjust, and the item as a whole is very good quality.
This will be on my counter for years to come!!!.
This makes it sooo much easier to slice cheese.
I didn't realize how much better it would be then using a knife until I got it.
Was looking for a cheese slicer for a while but wanted to make sure I get the one that fits me.
It works great and is really easy to clean.
Sometimes I just stick a tooth pick in it just to get that extra cheese out of the lip in the middle.
The cheese slicer is very nice but the wire does not seem tight enough.
I do use it all the time though.
I purchased this cheese slicer after comparing with several others and considered the reviews.
It received pretty good reviews and the tone of each seemed to inspire confidence.
The prodyne 126-b arrived on time and in excellent condition.
I tried it right away and from the first slice I found it to perform very well.
It has a sturdy simple design and I feel confident that it will serve well for some time.
I would buy another in future and would recommend it to my friends.
I wasn't doing very well with a knife and the cheese block.
It's very safe and easy to use for clumsy fingers like mine.
Cheese is super awesome, and this facilitates cheese-eating, so that's at least an automatic three stars right there.
+1 for being attractive and made from a renewable resource.
+1 more for working well and being easy to clean.
Sometimes you just have do do things yourself and cutting blocks of cheese into useable slices is one of them.
This cutter is moderately sized (think of where you are going to store it) and precise as can be.
It is easy to clean and looks like it belongs in a house as nice as you wish yours was.
this thing is really nice, the cutting block style one which i chose looks great and functions perfectly.
it is so easy and quick to slice up a bunch of cheese.
This is an incredible tool to use in my kichen.
I purchased the Sassafras Covered French Bread Baker after a few months of owning the bell-shaped version aka La Cloche.
Both of these unglazed dishes make a significant difference in the texture of the bread's crust.
In fact I do all the cooking in my family; always have.
So I tried some of the other reviewers suggestions, including heating the pot.Lid on lid off.
I also grow bonsai trees and I use small clay pieces in the mixture of soil.
Clay absorbs water then slowly releases the moisture.
Same principle for the pot.The difference is if the heat isn't high enough the moisture does not release quickly.
Lift the parchment paper and there is nothing to clean.
I did condition it with when I first got it.
I have a meat slicer that has a blade for bread; I use the whole recipe for one loaf and it is huge.
I basically use Carol Fields recipe for Pane Franchise, with a minor adjustment for moisture content of my starter.
What I don't eat immediately I slice and freeze.
Since applying this method I have made great bread everytime (8 weeks straight as of today).
I have not tried any other breads yet.425 or 450 deg won't work in my oven.
Higher heat to release moisture quickly that's the trick.
I was expecting a heavier product (this weighs 7lbs or there abouts) but it does the job very well.
No problem with the bread sticking at all, good crust, good moist crumb.
Glad I bought the item, although I will have to be careful not to drop it!.
The handle is very handy when removing the hot lid.
I know the baker will only get better with time and use, as it gets more seasoned.
That's my only reason for 4 stars instead of 5.
I like this well enough that I will be putting the Superstone Bread Dome on my Christmas list!!.
I recently started making no-knead bread after a friend talked me into it and showed me how easy it is.
The cast iron pot is extremely heavy and cumbersome to manipulate when it's hot.Very highly recommended for baking bread.
Excellent for making modest-size sandwich size bread, the only size clay baker we have found to be suitable for this purpose.
When baking bread, you can't miss with the Sassafras Superstone Covered Baker.
Despite some previous reviews indicating that baker arrived broken, mine arrived on time and in mint condition.
I have been baking with it many times and it always turns out crisp crust and nice chewy crumb.
I am very happy with this product and have recommended it to some of my friends - bread baking enthusiasts.
Have been baking "French" bread for years, on a stone in my oven, and spraying with water first, to develop a crisp crust.
I now have two, so I can do two loaves at a time.
It just does a superb job, no stone in the oven or spraying the dough, either.
I received mine the other day and today made my first loaf of fruity,nutty, sourdough in it.
It worked like a charm and the bread looks and tastes great! I'm really looking forward to making some other recipes in this baker.
I had admired it for sometime and loving to bake bread the way I do, I had to have it.
I don't know if it sticks or not since I used parchment paper with it.
I am sure I shall find out soon.
The baker did an excellent job and the bread was delicious.
You truly can come close to making artisan breads with this item.
The manufacturer packaging does little to protect the fragile stoneware baker during transit; styrofoam endcaps holding the two pieces inside the small box.
I would have at least expected styrofoam chips or airpacks all around and top to bottom to provide protection, not this minimalist approach.
No wonder ours arrived with the styrofoam pieces pulverized inside the box and the baker having experienced a chip.
Hopefully, the packaging feedback we left separately will be read by someone at Amazon who is actually interested in improving this oversight.
All we had to do to get the bread out was to turn it around and the bread fell right out.
Seasoning was all that's needed for its non-stick characteristics; no cornstarch, flour or even parchment paper.
I purchased 2 of these and I've only used them for baking bread so I can't speak to any other aspect of their use.
As far as bread baking goes they work well.
Or I should say the bread comes out the way I like it which is with a thin crust.
I imagine if I wanted a thicker crust I could just cook it longer without the lid but that's not what I'm after.
The whole idea with using them for baking bread is that they will trap in moisture released from the bread allowing it to rise more.
It is supposed to compensate for not having steam injectors on your oven.
First the lids don't fit as well as I expect.
I understand that with mass production there needs to be a degree of variance but with mass production cost should go down.
Which brings me to my second issue that I think they are a little higher priced then they should be.
I spoke to a potter at university after I got these who could have made me the same thing except decorated for a little cheaper.
And that is specialty order not mass production.
My 2 Emile Henry Stew pots, while wonderful bakers, create huge loaves.
When I got this, I rinsed it out with plain water (no soap residue) and let it air dry.
Then I made Jim Lahey's Olive Bread (3 cups of flour).
I did not do ANYTHING to this baker and the bread just fell right out when I tipped it over.
I will probably get a second one as I like this one so much!.
Then just oil the inside base lightly before each use.
I think this also keeps the dry clay baker from drawing too much moisture out of your loaf.
Mix in 510 grams water (we want a wet battery dough).
Mix in 300 grams of dried fruit (I like apricots & craisins).
Pour this wet battery dough into the clay baker, spray a bit of oil on top, cover with clay baker lid.
It will rise to entirely fill the base.The next morning: put the clay baker in the cold oven.
With apricots it's like having a soft fruit spread right in the bread.
The bread came out perfectly cooked with an outstanding crust!  Thick and hard just like you want.
No need to play with water in the oven or wetting the bread or doing what ever voodoo you do to make it work.
Just leave the lid on and it does the rest.
We let it rise in the baker before baking: a perfect and simple home made bred solution.
I'm pleased to say that my baker arrived intact, which was a concern after having read other reviews.
The lid does fit properly on the base, which I also checked due to other reviews.
I also dusted the bottom with corn meal.
The last loaf I baked was a sourdough bread, using my own home made starter.
That means my round loaves have an indention in the top center.
I ordered this baker 4 days ago and already I baked my first loaf of Sourdough Bread this morning.
I had my fingers crossed waiting for it to arrive as reading some of the other reviews, there was an issue with packaging and breakage.
Mine arrived in 2 pieces, top and bottom and in very good time on shipping.
I recently discovered the no knead way to make bread and have been using a cast iron pot.
I wanted to try this baker as I did research on it and seemed it would do a better job.
My bread came out like a professional made it, and although I have some experience baking bread, I'm no pro.
The material seems to similate the stones used for pizza which I use also.
The loaf had a better crust than ones using the cast iron pot.
So if you're into bread making, try it, you won't be disappointed.
Thanks Amazon and the Manufacturer for good packing and quick shipping.
My SuperStone / 14.5&#34; Covered Baker arrived and it has been put to use baking holiday bread.
It does a great job of making loaves that stay formed and look great.
I always carefully remove the top 10 minutes before taking out the bread; it makes the top and sides nice and golden brown.
I have been using this for my no-knead bread recipes.
I put the bottom and lid into the oven, but separate them.
I preheat both for about 25 minutes at ~400C or more depending on the recipe.
You will definitely see improvement in your homemade breads when you use a cloche.
Basically, it is an unglazed clay base and domed lid that create the effects of a baker's oven within your own oven.
Turn the cold oven to 450 and set the timer for about 40-45 minutes for a 20-24 oz.
(Do not use a baking sheet.) The will allow you to bake artisanal breads with a crackling crust.
I have tried the Romertopf but it's too porous.
This pot is dense enough to self-steam the dough.
Unfortunately, its a bit large for the 12 to 14 oz.
I am bad at baking (also see: I am bad at following directions) and I have made some great bread in here.
This is from someone who could not make decent bread in a bread maker.
I did use parchment paper in it so it stayed clean.
Took out only the area we wanted without chopping into the flowers.
Have many battery operated clippers and found them to be heavy and once they are dull its all over.
Might as well go out with a butter knife and saw the weeds down.
The old-timers had it right; this is environment friendly, promotes exercise and does a great job as long as it is kept sharp.
Can't seem to find these hand-held sickle anywhere at the local stores.
I purchased this at the request of a family member who is not mechanically inclined and refused to use a power trimmer.
She absolutely loved this sickle and have been using it religiously to trim grass and weeds in the back yard.
She claimed it is sharp emough to whack grass with ease.
I will probably have to hone the blade later on but it looks easy to do.
Thank you Amazon for carrying such a product.
I know you've made a certain family member happy!.
Get this! I have Mexican feather grass and it dulls my shears in minutes.
The scythe makes a once miserable job easy.
Just be careful 'cause it is REALLY sharp!.
All the different sizes and the two different sides.
I really feel like I got a deal.
Easier than the jar I was using for my biscuits.
They have every size I could ever see needing for making cookies.
I have not yet made biscuits with them.
I enjoy having a large selection of sizes.
I originally bought them to make chocolate tops for cupcakes.
They worked great and I'm sure they can accommodate any cupcake or cookie size.
I give them 4 out of 5 because they are a little hard to hold, but I knew they would be this way.
The item was shipped early in great condition.
I will continue to purchase this item on line.
I only realized when I took these out of the box that the "handle" end could be used to make circles.
They are the best price for what they can do of all the cookie cutter sets.
I finally decided on these after reading Chocolate and Zucchini's tool reviews.
Now my shortbread cookies will no longer be Salvador Dali-esque.
I've had this set of cutters for over a year and have used them more times than I can count.
I use the largest size to make hamburger buns, the smaller sizes to make bite size cookies.
There's sizes perfect for sandwich cookies,sugar cookies and biscuits.
You have a choice of scalloped edge or flip it over and use a straight edge.
I have two large boxes of cookie cutters but this is the set I always reach for.
This is a nice set for so many uses; it's nice to get such a variety of sizes.
I've used it for biscuits, shortcake, cookies, etc.
The sizes are perfect for what I need and they stack inside each other.
There is a scalloped side and a smooth side, so you have two choices.
They work wonderfully on short bread and regular doughs.
You don't know how mush you'll use it until you get it.
If anything happened to these, I'd have to buy more!.
These cutters are perfect for scones!  I almost bought the pricier Ateco cutter set and I'm glad I stumbled on this one first.
Stainless steel is great but I don't make cookies and biscuits everyday so these plastic ones are alright.
First of all, this cutter set was meant to be used on soft dough such as cookies and biscuits and not on bread dough.
I've used it on donuts, though, and it worked fine.
In hindsight, I don't need this many cutters so I would have preferred a blunted side to use as a handle instead of double-sided.
Also, if you don't need a million more pieces in your kitchen, this might not be the set for you.
On the other hand, they store easily and clean up easily as well.
We have used this pan on a daily basis in our kitchen for over two years.
It is truly non-stick, and cleans very quickly and easily.
I contacted ScanPan by email and received a response the same day for where to send it.
I received a new pan back within about a month, for nothing more than the cost of mailing them the damaged pan.
They honor their lifetime warranty!The only confusing thing I have found is that the directions alternately say it is or is not dishwasher safe.
We put ours in the dishwasher, and (unless that's what caused the flaking) we have had no problems.
It cooks perfectly with little or no fat, and clean up couldn't be easier.
As with any nonstick cookware, how it holds up over time, only time will tell.
This is my favorite pan, and would definitely purchase the Scanpan brand again.
I received this pan in the 10.5" size as a wedding gift in summer 2010.
I loved it so much that I bought the 8" shortly thereafter and today (03/28/13) I purchased the 12.5" pan.
They are the only nonstick pans in the house - everything else that we use is stainless only.
I can't say enough good things about this pan.
No oil is necessary, but I usually add a tiny bit, out of habit.
Just wish I had learned about Scanpan much sooner!!!.
I am slowly replacing all of my cookware with Scanpan.
Even heating, non-stick, and easy cleaning make the pan a gem.
Also, I no longer worry about chemicals being leached into my food through un-seen scratches or whatever causes such things.
I've been using the pan almost daily for two months and have no complaints.
It needs less oil than even my well seasoned cast iron pans, and nothing sticks.
I've made burgers without oil in the pan, and the cleanup was a breeze.
Unlike my old Calphalon nonstick, which I hated because most everything stuck, it allows food to carmelize and distributes heat evenly.
The stainless bottom plate that sits on the burner does darken and you will need to use a cleanser to keep it shiny.
Even if it wears out in a couple of years, I will probably replace it with another Scanpan.
Our Danish heritage makes us perfectionists when it comes to cooking equipment.
This pan is from Denmark and holds up to our most demanding criteria.
It is the first durable "non-stick" skillet we have ever owned.
It conducts heat evenly and is perfect for omeletes, Danish pancakes or even searing steaks.
Cleanup is so easy and only requires wiping with a paper towel to restore it to spotless condition.
It also holds up well in repeated dishwasher cycles.
The Scanpan is an excellent quality cooking tool.
I am able to wipe it out with a cloth or paper towel.
But there are just some times that non-stick is the way to go.
So we bought a Calphalon One Infused Anodized frying pan to try out (they are expensive).
Boy were we disappointed!  We returned the it and I started looking for a replacement.
I found the Scanpan line and liked what I read.
To start out you want to follow instructions to season the cookware.
Next before I use the pans I LIGHTLY oil the surface.
I do this by wadding up the end of a paper towel and I smear a little butter on the end of the paper towel.
Then I just use the paper towel to spread the oil very thinly.
With this small amount of oil the pans work great for all types of cooking.Clean up is a snap.
The cooking surface and exterior handle the harsh detergents with ease.
Everyone has gushed over how well they work.Lifetime warranty from manufacturer.
This pan is so durable! We have it about 4 years and there is no sign of any wear! It washes so nicely.
When we bought it, it came with metal scrubber to prove that you can clean it with metal with no problem.
You need to use tiny bit of oil, but not much.
So it should not be released in food.
For complete purist-time to go back to cast iron or steel.
I don't understand why this pan is not marketed more.
I don't know of better nonstick pan with the same durability.
The non-stick coating has been reliable and effective, and the thick aluminum base of the pans provides an effective cooking surface.
Even though they are non-stick, I use a little olive oil to provide a coating for the pan surface.2.
You don't need to use excessive heat- the pan is made of highly conductive material.3.
Good luck if you wish to try one of these pans!.
The heat is very even and it cooks like a dream.
FINALLY a good non stick pan.Hopefully it will last.
I use this pan more than anything else in my kitchen.
A caution, though -- don't use it with high heat, or you'll damagethe  non-stick finish.
It will scratch some over time, but I have found it to be remarkably durable using metalutensils.
I can't tell you how many different things I've used this pan for.
From pancakes to pork to omelettes, this pan never lets me down.
I bought the 10.25 inch version, which I think was around $60 or $70 at the time.
It's held up pretty well over the last year or so with me and my roommates using it at least twice a day.
Sometimes we get lazy and cut meat in the pan, so it as a few scuff marks in the bottom.
Do yourself a favor and get one of these pans!.
I use PAM for cooking omelettes, potatoes, and even burgers and they come out great.
ALl of my cookware will be replaced by Scanpan products as needed.
Beside the non teflon surface, the low sides make it ideal for cooking fish.
This is the second Scanpan we have purchased and we use one of the two almost every day.
There is no sign of wear, scratching or breakdown of the non stick qualities.
First off, i'm in my mid-twenties(frequent burner) and i learned about these scanpans at a cooking class.
He probably does that 3 times a day, 7 days a week.
I whip eggs, then scramble them with the same fork without worrying about scratching the top coat.
Just wish they'd get metal handles on these since the ceramic coating could go under a broiler?.
It's OK, but a little large for our morning omelet.
I'm not sure how well it will hold up, but it is cooking well and cleaning well.
I tried out several pans before making a decision.
I love them! I recommend them all the time.
I expect them to last for a long time.
We love our ScanPan Cookware collection but cannot take all the pots and pans on our sailboat.
With limited galley space and small cooktop we have to think about what works best.
This set has all the cookware needed for a small kitchen, or small household.
The ideal size non-stick skillet as well as a decent size stew pot or chowder vessel.
The other great benefit for sailors, campers, RV folk and small living spaces is that cleanup is so easy.
There are no dishwashers in our galley, and only one small sink, with limited water supply.
So with these pans you simply rinse after use and then use a paper towel or dishcloth to wipe clean after use.
I bought my first scanpan over 10 years ago.
Now that I'm retired I havefound I love to cook.
The first scanpan was my favorite to reach for.Now that I have a whole set which is a joy to use.
Clean up is easy.I think scanpan's are first rate.
I've been using Scan Pans for over 30 years and I have NOT had the experience any of the three 1 star reviewers report.
Please note that several of those reviewers have not ever posted another review.
The second set I bought for my son about 7 years ago, in daily use.
The newer Scan Pans are much better than the original versions.With just moderate care, Scan Pans will last a long time.
There are some things you should NOT do, such as scrub with abrasives.
The pan was actually fine before that and should have been left alone.
I've never had this happen but I run very hot tap water for this.
If you keep your water heater turned down to save energy or avoid injury to children or elderly people your water may be too cool.
I think this is also a vestige of that no-longer-associated-with-ScanPan rep who gave me the advice to use the BarKeepers Friend on my pans.
I'm pretty sure that's where we both got the advice to do this.
The boiling dish soap thing had already removed the film I was worried about and had I stopped there all would have been good.
It is the ONLY thing in 30 years I have ever had stick to the surface.
Dishwasher detergent is too abrasive.The pans are heavy duty, evenly heating, will not warp.
If you buy them through Amazon you won't need to do even that since Amazon will keep your receipt for you.
These are the best, longest lasting nonstick products I've ever seen.
Scan Pans work as advertised with only minimal care.UPDATE OCT 2013:  These pans are now 8 or 9 years old.
I still use the damaged pan for making pasta.
There is a very small area in the center of the pan which shows the underlying metal.
Other than that, these pans continue to perform well.
I do not seriously expect them to last forever, but they are lasting a good long time.
However the price has almost doubled since I bought these making them a very expensive proposition.
You really only need the nonstick when frying.
I have used cast iron cookware, but it is just too heavy for me now.
I wanted something lighter that food would not stick to, but not Teflon coating.
A friend had this and told me she loved it, so I got the whole set, and am loving it everyday.
I have been using Sitram cookware for years and have been spoiled.
I didn't realize HOW spoiled until I decided to replace my set with something new and modern.
Sitram was no longer manufacturing the set I owned and I wasn't thrilled with their current collection so I started researching.
I bought a set of the highly rated Circulon but there was just no comparison and I sent them off to one of my kids.
They are still glass so you can see the food cooking but they are not as bulky and are much easier to store.
Fortunately my Sitram lids look and fit exactly the same so this wasn't a problem for me, especially considering the deal I got.
I love the feel and weight of these pans, not to heavy but still very solid.
The two smaller saucepans have double pouring spouts which has come in handy.
The only non-stick surface pan I have is a little skillet I bought about ten years ago.
Some of the other expensive cookware doesn't compare to Scanpans.
SCANPANs Lifetime Warranty makes buying SCANPAN products a safe investment.SCANPAN Titanium is made in Denmark.
It is one of the best lines of nonstick cookware on the market.
The pans have a Ceramic Titanium non-stick cooking surface and a Pressure-cast aluminum body.
All the cookware, glass lids, and the ergonomically designed very comfortable handles are ovenproof to 500 F/260 C.
This is a feature unmatched in the industry.Features:Base is guaranteed to remain level - The best I've seen in my short life.
The base is thicker than most pans and the pans feel very sturdy.
I have found that this is a very worthwhile investment (They stand by their warranty and replace items promptly) and my cooking is much improved.
Food browns more evenly and sauces are super creamy because of the even heat distribution.
You can even start items on the stovetop and finish them in the oven.Highly Recommended.
I've been using these pans for years and have yet to find anything like this set.
I also love the Covered Low Sauce Pot.~The Rebecca ReviewAuthor of Seasoned with Love: A collection ofbest-loved recipes inspired by over 40 cultures.
I highly recommend Scanpan cookware as a faithful customer since 1983.I bought my first exact set in 1983, 31 years ago.
When the non-stick surface slowly peeled or bubbled, I ended up in 2003 emailing the Scanpan USA Warranty people.
They emailed me back an address and told me to return the set minus the lids.
After 2 or 3 weeks, I received a brand new set of pans minus lids.
I called the current Lifetimr Warranty people up after googling them, left a message, and Mike called me back from California.
Barkeeper's Friend powder (make a paste w/ a little water) and a lot of elbow grease amazingly removed the crust.
I wore my kitchen gloves and rubbed the paste directly on the surface, using neither sponge nor anything else.
The crust was gone after several tries and the surface appeared spotless.
I advised my son to purchase Scanpan Classic when he told me he had to replace his non-stick pan every year or so.
He purchased his first Scanpan frying pan set yesterday.
I've had this thermometer for about 2 years.
I've used it for everything from prime rib roasts to cornish game hens.
I almost always use the memory setting so I can set it for he exact doneness instead of using the preset temps.
After using, I always carefully wipe the probe clean after it cools.
I store it with the probe unplugged from the unit.
I make sure it's completely turned off before storing.
I've learned that placement of the probe into the food being roasted is very important.
Shouldn't be placed against any bone and tip of probe should be in the fleshiest, center part of the roast.
I roasted a whole turkey breast for Christmas Eve party at a friend's home.
I let the turkey rest for 20 minutes with the probe in it, and the temp rose to 165.
I had many compliments on how tasty and juicy the turkey was.
I roasted a small 3 pound bone-in pork loin yesterday and set temp for 147.
Even if it goes haywire next time I use it, I certainly got my money's worth out of it!  I'd happily buy another.
I wish the alert beeped a bit louder.
The editorial doesn't mention that you can actually monitor the temperature of your roast without opening the oven door!  I highly recommend using alarm feature.
This is the same thermometer Pampered Chef rebrands, only it costs less.I like my steak medium-rare, my wife likes hers well done.
I can take my steak off, stick the probe in hers, and go enjoy my steak.
When it starts beeping at the beef well done setting I just go get her steak too.
I've used it on all kinds of burgers, steaks, chicken, roasts, etc.
Another review stated the cord cannot take too much heat.
If so that is certainly something to consider when purchacing.
When the first Polder digital probe thermometers came on the market, I bought one to try it out.
I have always used a Taylor meat thermometer for roasted meats, poultry, and game.
Before I bought the Polder digital probe thermometer, I had been using my Taylor instant read thermometer.
With the Polder thermometer, you insert the long metal probe into the meat, poultry or game so that it does not touch a bone.
The probe is attached to a heavy wire which then plugs into the temperature unit.
The oven door closes tightly over the wire.
You can then walk away and come back to check the progress of your roast, and you don't have to open the oven door.
I use this thermometer for making candy as well as cooking meat, and it works really well.
There is a clip to attach it to the pan while you cook.
No more wondering whether you're at the "soft-ball" stage yet or not.
This little wonder changed all that for me.
Without opening the  oven, you always know just how far the roast has come.
Set the alarm to  go off at the right temperature and forget about it.It's the best $ I  ever spent on a kitchen tool.
Conventional ovens generally only go up to 500-550 degrees.
This is a great item to have in your kitchen.
I like that it has a magnet on the back.
I found that there were cheaper ones out there that won't work as well or may have more problems.
I also found better quality ones that don't seem so fragile, but they were also much more expensive.
It is just that useful to have around.
Great cooking is all about timing and knowledge...this unit helps with  both!The thermometer allows you to roast and grill any meat to  perfection with ease.
No more guessing on doneness or slowing down the  process by opening the oven to check.
You simply place the probe in the  meat, set the target temperature and leave it.
If works great on the BBQ grill too if you are doing  steaks, whole chickens, roasts etc.
Finally, this device makes it easy to  tell how long it will take for something to cook.
You just watch how many  degrees it goes up in a minute and then caclulate the remaining cooking  time accordingly.
This works as well as one I bought from one of those popular "home shows" and paid 3 times more.
Do be careful not to get the unit wet though.
It makes roasting meat as easy as 1-2-3.
Setting temperature to alarm at is not intuitive.2.
I have a older model of this time.
It is great for timing stuff all over the house.
It is easy to use, small and light weight.
Take it anywhere where you need to time something.
You are better off buying a good instant read thermometer anyway to take temperature readings.
Besides you need a flat or metal surface near the oven to use it.
If you cook more than one meal a week, this thermometer/timer should be a mandatory purchase.
It has a clock, stopwatch, temperature alarm and is super-easy to learn and use.
Just stick the thermometer in your meat, cake, whatever you're cooking and set a temperature alarm and it'll alert you when food is done.
If mine ever broke I'd buy another the same day.
This has to be the best thermometer for meat.
A long thin cable that can exit your oven door so that the module can rest on a nearby counter.2.
A long enough probe to easily enter any kind of roast.3.
The probe is curved for easy manipulating and insertion.4.
The display gives you info on what kind of meat and its recommended temp.5.
You can over-ride the temp to your own taste (we do turkey at 162-165, for example.)6.
The display folds upwards so you can glance at it on the counter.8.
It has a good alarm sound.We just made a turkey with it last night and it was absolutely perfect.
Either way, this thermometer will do the job expertly.
The food wasn't done until it was obviously too hot for the little microbes to survive on it.
Of course it was also cooked too far for humans to eat it, either.
Maybe that's what has inspired me to buy so many thermometers.This is one of two Polder probe thermometers that I own.
The other is a simple device that beeps when the food has reached a threshold temperature.
This one does a lot more!Not only can you set a high temperature, you can set a low temperature, too.
You either need to make it 2 minutes or 3 minutes.
It's also the one for you if you're looking to add to your thermometer arsenal without spending an arm and a leg.
Bought this to replace a remote Oregon Scientific one that died after being dropped once.
Have dropped this one several times, and it's still working so far.
The name Polder keeps appearing in my home!  Why?  Because they make a great and accurate product (s).
Polder is my kind of brand...it does what it's supposed to do and it's not overpriced.
This is a great thermometer to check how your old oven is working or even a new oven.
I tried to change it to 0 degrees.
Having your oven tempreature calibrated is essential in cooking, this item is very good at doing just that.
Good Product, however the numbers are a little small for my old eyes.
Dial colors hold up well, however the needle is no longer red, turned dark over time.
Stop wondering why your cakes burn or take too long to bake.
It will last for years, and will take the guesswork out of baking.
I didn't think my oven temperature adjustment was working so I bought this to test it.
It proved my oven only had one setting "burn".
I can't comment on how accurate the thermometer is but it did everything I was expecting it to.
Invaluable little stopwatch!  The buttons are a little small, I will admit, but not so small that one cannot easily use it.
I have a family member with diabetes, and she has to check herself often, but it is so easy to get busy and forget.
She just sets this going, and the alarm is a good volume but not too loud or annoying.
Perfect for what she needs.The battery just died, and I was a little bothered because it was not that old.
But I got some LR44 batteries through Amazon for a cheap price for something else, and those fit this unit.
Very easy to change out the battery, too.
It has all the basic features you would need, it remembers the last time you set it.
It's intuitive to use.I keep it in a briefcase and it gets jostled a lot and I've even dropped it a few times.
I admit it, I bought this because I saw it recommended on America's Test Kitchen.
I use this timer for so many things.Uses I have found for the timer so far:1.
I wear it when I garden to tell me that it is time to come inside or apply more sunscreen.2.
I put it around my neck when I go for a walk.
I am a numbers geek and like to chart my progress (time to cover a specific distance) so that I can see improvement.
It is also nice to have a clock with you that isn't on your sweaty wrist.3.
I use it when I throw a load of laundry in the washer and/or dryer so that it doesn't sit too long and wrinkle.
Having the timer around my neck makes certain that I don't get away from the timer and miss hearing "the beep".4.
I use the timer when I am proofing bread dough (again great not to miss the beep).5.
I play games with myself to increase my productivity.
I give myself a particular block of time to work on a project I have been avoiding.
I use the timer to tell me that time is up and I can stop if I want.
It makes it easier for me to get those dreaded tasks accomplished more quickly.6.
If you are self employed or a consultant that bills by time this item is great.
You can easily track how much time you spend on each task for each client.
It is very efficient for tracking your billable time.
I love the count up timer for this function.7.
Do you know someone that talks too much on the phone?  Have you lost hours without realizing it.
Set a timer when the chatty person calls for the block of time you can spare.
When the beep sounds, you have to go.
The beep is loud enough for the other person to hear, and you have an excuse to terminate the conversation.PROs of this product:1.
The timer was very intuitive to use, I didn't need to refer to the directions.2.
The count up clock feature is nice when steeping tea.4.
I like that the timer doesn't zero out after reaching its time.
Many of the things that take place with me happen in thirty-minute increments.
Since the timer does not reset to zero I don't have to plug in the time with each new event.5.
The timer is small, so you don't have a big clunky thing hanging around your neck.
It tucks easily into your shirt so that it doesn't get into the way when doing other things.6.
If you find strap too short, it would be easy to replace the existing one with a longer piece of cord.CONS of this product:1.
You do feel a little geeky with a timer around your neck.2.
The buttons are a little small, but that would only be a problem for big fingers.Overall, I love this silly little gadget.
It has improved my efficiency in more ways than I expected.
And I thought it was just for food preparation.
If you are an efficiency geek, give this item a try.
I wanted a timer I could hear over the TV or if I left the room.
I thought the lanyard would make this possible, since I could easily take the timer with me to other rooms.
Unfortunately, when wearing the lanyard, several times the timer has stopped running before time is up.
I just hang the timer on the refrigerator with it's magnet.
A very handy, easy to program, easy to hear timer.
This is great for use in the kitchen and beyond.
It has a timer that can count up or count down, with alarms for both, as well as clock and stopwatch.
I work from home, so I have the option of making bread during the day.
Using  this Clock/stopwatch allows me to work on the computer or phone and keep track of my rising bread.
I now time my cooking correctly - YAY!.
Works well, and it is loud enough to get your attention when it goes off.
What else can one say about it? I like it!.
I can carry this around with me and can hear it when it goes off.
I like the neck feature but rather have it in my pocket.
The push-button controls are intuitive, the beeper attention-grabbing but not obnoxious, and the overall convenience of the item just wonderful.
Re-setting the timer for a few extra minutes of cooking is quick and simple.
The LCD digits are large for easy reading.
This results in the display and touch-button array turned perpendicular and a bit harder to read or manipulate.
A slightly stronger and/or even more elongated magnet would probably solve that.
I've put a new battery in each, but otherwise I've had no problems whatsoever.
I add this because I was delighted to find the timer still for sale in a cooking supply catalogue.
This is without doubt one of the best tools in my kitchen!  Honorable mention to the 40+ year old Oster blender.) --bc.
this is a handy gadget, use it every time I cook and love the magnet.
I can place it out of our toddlers reach !!.
I have been using these timers for years.
I like this timer because it will time up to 9 hours 99 minutes and 99 seconds.
That means you can actually set the time for  10 hours and 40 minutes.
I use it for reminding me all sorts of things.
It is small so it can be carried in a purse of pocket.
It has a magnet so it sticks to the fridge or other metal items.
It has a cord so it have be hung around your neck or on a hook, door knob, etc.
I have used it as an alarm clock since it will go for so many hours.
I stick on the patio door (magnet) when I swim so I know when I have finished my hour of swimming.
I have a "thing" about time, LOL  Even collect watches ...........don't rush me, LOLWe have 9 timers?  Ya, I think so.
A timer is going now, this one in fact, for next pill doses.
That is most common use with pain problems.
Forgetting a dose is painful, LOL  and I do it all the time.
Forget to set timer, get busy with many activites.
This one is good in pocket, glove compartment, coat pocket, so small it goes everywhere.
Often I grab the string to pick up or pull off (magnet).First one just never worked right out of package.
So?  Amazon sent another no questions and easy, free mailer return of old.
Sent new one immediately without waiting for old one.
Some folks get crazy when electronics fail even blaiming Amazon or Manu.
They get most of my purchases and no expenses for auto mileage.
LOL  .............the good life is on the Amazon, LOL.
We already have one of these, but I wanted a second one for when I need two things timed.
This has all the features I wanted in a timer.
Especially useful is the cord so I can wear it.
Small complaint - this one's bell is a lot softer than our other Polder timer.
I feel I really need to be in the same room so I'll hear it.
For its small size, the readout is large and clear.
We purchased a pair of $80 timers, each of which is capable of timing four things at once.
We bought a $25 timer that allows direct time input (like this one) and it broke with 6 months.
The company did replace it, but still ....We now use three of these timers-one in hot food, and two in the cold food section.
usually when i put something in the oven, I end up going bak into the living room and can't hear the oven timer go off.
i got this little timer to wear around my neck to &#34;alarm&#34; me when my food is done.
My second-grader needs to read for 35 minutes every night so I got her this timer.
She learned how to use it in no time and loves it.
I've also used it and agree with her assessment.
I still use my original that I purchased years ago as I've only had to change the batteries every few years.
Since we use this device for all kinds of uses we decided to get a second one.
That's helpful when for example its set for the water sprinklers and I'm on the phone when the alarm goes off.
Being able to wear around your neck is very handy.
I really like the aspect ratio of this timer (i.e.
the small size) and the fact that it is a counter,timer and clock all in one.I bought two earlier and am now buying 4 more.
We replaced an older similar unit from another manufacturer with this one based on the Amazon reviews.
It's fine, but the alarm is really quiet.
You really need to keep this with you because you are not going to hear it in the other room.
I've had this timer for years -- sadly I can't remember exactly how many.
I have used it frequently and find it tremendously helpful.
It's never a disaster since only certain buttons are enabled while the timer is running.
You can change the display (switch among timer, clock or count up modes), or stop the timer/count-up.
The other buttons don't work or beep, so bumping them doesn't do anything.
I hear the beep, and look at it.
It's pretty easy to tell what happened and fix it.
Usually I've stopped it, and I restart it right away and have only lost a second or two.
The buttons seem well located for me, although close together.
I have small hands so it's not a problem.
I could live without the clock for sure, and never use the count-up either, but I know some people like it.
I leaned over and the display end wound up getting a little swim in my watering can.
The display had water droplets inside and it was blank: I figured it was a goner.
That's why I was here reading reviews -- I was going to order another one, but decided to give it a chance to recover.
Just hang it around you neck and go about your business in the yard or in the basement and never burn your muffins again.
The handy magnet means you can attach it to the side of the fridge where it is handy but out of sight.
Battery life is excellent, lasting more than a year.
Remember to use the timer not just when cooking, but also when cooling.
This is a very nice timer that appears to be very accurate.
Of course, I occasionally take the battery out after using it sometimes to extend the its life.
I teach in an elementary school and find this timer really useful in the classroom.
It's slim enough to stick in a shirt pocket.
Compact size (4 1/2" long), yet digital screen large enough to read easily; this multi-function unit deserves 5 stars.
Push the count-up (stopwatch) button, then numbers.Small round buttons, upper left for clear and start/stop (gray and yellow respectively).
Also something I can live with, considering the quality and functionality of this product.
I really like that I put this around my neck because I am always walking away and burning things.
It does make a beep if that happens so you can check it.
It's a minor thing but kind of annoying.
They should add a plastic lid over the buttons to avoid this.
I think it's a great all purpose kitchen timer.
I like that it can hang around my neck and stay with me if I wander into another room.
It has saved my meal more than once when I got distracted.
I have two of these and they are easy to use and versatile.
The beeping isn't too loud or annoying, and goes on for 1 minute before silencing, but it does get my attention (usually!).
I have never needed to hang it around my neck so I took off the cord, but that could be a very useful option.
I think this is so handy when grilling and cooking!  Works great and a good value!.
I really like every thing about this but I didn't know I'd be using the strap that came with it.
I'll need it because it's not very loud at all.
It beeps for a long time which is great unless you can't hear it in an different room.
The beep is especially loud to get your attention.
I use this timer for all my baking, roasting, broiling needs.
Eventhough it's touted for its "hang-around-the-neck" convenience, I found that it got in the way when I bent over to turn items in the oven.
I've had lots of timers and this is my favorite, and EASY to use.
I was looking for a 'wearable' timer solution when I came across the Polder 898-90 Clock, Timer and Stopwatch.
Wow, what a great idea!The three key features of this unit are Clock, Timer (count down) and Stopwatch (count up).
It's small enough to put in your shirt pocket, or hang around your neck, but still large enough to read and set with relative ease.
The clock is a 12-hour clock with AM and PM.
There is no 24-hour option.The 'buzzer' is a pleasant 4-bip sound, rather than a single grating blare.
It's easy to hear, especially if the unit is around your neck, without being obnoxious.
A nicer lanyard can be purchased separately if required.
I am a high school teacher, and I purchased this to use in my class.
I absolutely love it!  I have an idiosyncrasy about putting in weird times, so this makes that easy to do.
It is a great tool to keep my students on task, and I can carry it with me easily throughout the room.
I am actually using it as an alarm.
How every many hours you want to sleep.
Press a few buttons then you are all set !!!!!! very very easy to use! I like the way it looks too !!!!.
This is a great timer, I love it.
I'm happy I ordered it, works just fine,and easy to use.Would recommend it to everyone.Thank you, Mary Lou.
I bought this to help keep track of times when supporting my husband doing his dialysis at home.
I deducted a star from my rating for this.
I wanted a glorified count-down timer and I got it.
I have the same function on my Casio watch, but it's too cumbersome to be useful.
This timer is the cat's meow if you've got a spotty short-term memory,..keep it around your neck and you'll never burn the hamburger helper again.
They could have used the clock function (who's gonna use this for a clock?) for the second timer.
This slender clock, timer, and stopwatch is handy, especially when putting in the nylon lanyard so it will hang around your neck.
There are magnets on back so it will stick to the outside of most refrigerators, vehicles, or metal file cabinets.
Setting the various uses is a bit detailed, so keep the instructions.
One may need something to push the small buttons.
It is not made for very wet/humid environments.
It shows am and pm, and can be locked.
It comes with the tiny button LR44 battery inserted, but one must take out the plastic protector before use.
It will beep when the battery is reinserted correctly.
Easy to use, can keep it with me when I am baking so I don't forget the bread.
I have had it over a year and it still works which is a big plus these days.
Love that I can wear it around my neck.
Everyone in the house keeps asking, "What's that beeping???" But, hey, it's a timer...right?  Better than the "tick, tick, tick" of my old fashioned timer.
The only problem I had was in setting the clock.
The instructions do not say that you need to include the "seconds" in the clock time.
This timer/stop watch is excellent for several reasons.
You can hang it around your neck, so you do not misplace it when using it.
It goes back to the indicated time after it beeps you, so you don't have to input the time again.
turning the meat every five minutes, works like clock work!.
Only two minor complaints:1 - Sometimes I bump it while wearing it, and without being aware of it, stop the timer.2.
The secret is that you must enter six digits: hhmmss.
Which means that anyplace you have a single digit, you must use a leading zero.
00 is ok for the seconds, but you must enter them.Other than that, you don't need directions -- it's all pretty staightforward.
It has three separate functions that can be used simulatenously or by itself.
The counter I use when timing  myself when I exercise, or when I'm practising things like speed reading.
It comes on a string so I can hang it on my neck when I'm mobile.
I dont' know what I'd do without it.
I bought two of these for use in kitchen and bathroom.
The alarm is loud enough for my 3 girls to hear it to time their showers.
Easy to learn to use the different features.
I like the lock so that it isn't accidentally reset.
Also, it has magnets to attach it to the refrigerator which is very convenient.
I like this timer a lot - it's easy to use and program, and nice and loud (maybe a touch too loud?).
I wish there were a way to tell it to keep going off or to stop after 30/60 seconds, but it's only a minor complaint.
Makes me feel like if I don't get there in time to shut it off, an atom bomb is going to go off.
It's affordable but I wish it would turn off earlier.
I don't think I've ever heard it turn off by itself - I always run.
I purchased this because it got a good review on Cooks Illustrated.
The alarm on this is loud enough to hear a few rooms away and unlike timers that stop chirping, this calls until you come.
It is portable enough to fit in your pocket or around your neck.
If you have sensitive skin, you will need to change the cord it comes with.
This timer is perfect so you don't have to worry about leaving the room and not hearing it.
Only one problem is that it's easy to touch it when you move around (as I do) and stop the time or change it.
I would like to have a lock button that prevents this from happening.
My solution is to press the clock button, which changes the display to the clock, but the timer is going in the background.
Just wish I didn't have to do this.
I have 3 of these - one for home, one for RV and one spare.
I have used this tool several times per week for years.
It is the right size and is easy to carry around your neck on the included cord.
This was a bad idea because the heat caused the glue to fail and the magnet separated from the timer.
I fixed this with a little guerrilla glue.
This timer is pretty easy to figure out, works just great.
It's small, and the lanyard keeps you from losing it since it can hang around your neck.
The timer can be set to count up or down.
When we lost the battery cover on one we had a few years ago, we really missed it enough to buy another one.
Magnet on the back so I can leave it on the fridge when not in use.
I bought this to specifically use as a "necklace" when cooking.
I use the stopwatch feature more often than I thought I would - so that's a great bonus.
The only thing I would like is a little stand if I wanted to keep it on the counter.
It's actually wide enough to stand on the edge, but a small metal fold-out would have been nice.
Magnetic so I can use as a kitchen time, and I love that I can precisely set the time without having to use arrows.
The washer and dryer are on the second floor and the built-in signal can rarely be heard on the first floor.
First we bought one a few years ago.
Then I will have to remember that darned battery again.
Stay tuned.So I bought two more.Now I am remembering the washing again.
And my wife uses the other one when cooking.
She loves it.I have to admit we never use the stopwatch and rarely use the clock.
But the timer is perfect!UPDATE -- December 28, 2011:HA! I found the first one last week, remembered to buy a battery, and it works fine!!.
The audible signal is a little weak, and the main selection buttons, clock, timer, count up are not quite as sensitive as they could be.
This is the best timer going for cooking on the grill.
It's magnetic so it sticks to any iron or steel grill part.
My first one lasted over 10 years - until I left it out in the rain one to many times.
I can't remember when I first bought this timer.
From the reviews, I would say that it hasn't changed in function.
It works very well, but I do have one problem with it.
I bought it because I was supposed to be able to wear it around my neck while I went about my business.
You can certainly do that, but don't expect it to time anything while you do.
The buttons are unprotected, so just the simple bouncing around that it will do as you move will alter the settings.
Other than that this is an excellent product.
i'd rather have separate 'single' timers next time, especially a model not know for freezing up.I dot NOT recommend this timer.
So, this is a great product considering the price.
The cup/bowl that sits on top can actually hold the weigher/base inside it for easy storage.
Not that you need to really store it since it's so compact to begin with.
The cup is easily washable and the dial can be zeroed easily as well.
I wasn't expecting much but this little scale has performed perfectly in helping us weigh and measure everything on our diet.
The unit is very small and seems to be very accurate.
It can only weigh up to 1 pound, but for quick and small measurements there's really nothing better.
does everything you would need in measuring food acurrately.
I purchased this to use for making bread with my bread machine.
It does a great job and is very easy and simple.
Just add ingredients to the cup, measure, then I dump them into the machine.
Since I've never baked a loaf of bread before I am amazed that, so far, every loaf has been a success!.
I love the basket which is easy on and off.
Big enough to grate cheese right into and then weigh.
Then a quick drop into the pan without dirtying more bowls.
If you want a easy weigh and drop item this is it.
I wish the bowl was a little bigger, but it serves its purpose.
I recently moved from home, so I needed a new kitchen, in essence.
I bought this scale to help with everyday measuring of meat, potatoes, etc.
So far it has not served me wrong!It is NOT a high tech device - which is a good thing for me.
I wanted a simple, reliable device to measure things every once in a while.
Perfect for what I use it for which it to measure food.
The Add-n-weight option is wonderful!  This product is exactly what it says it is.
I use it to weigh products I sell on ebay so that I get an accurate weight for shipping purposes.
It is a very light weight plastic scale but it does serve the purpose I bought it for.
Scale is easy enough to use and small enough to store anywhere, but it's quite flimsy.
It's not as precise as a digital scale would be, but it serves me well in my daily cooking and baking activities.
It's small and therefore takes up very little space, which is an asset in my minute kitchen.
It has a nice, simple design and is easy to clean.
needed an inexpensive portable scale and this serves that purpose.
not a high tech high end product, but is lightweight and easy to use.
must be adjusted when bumped, but process to calibrate is simple.
if you want a better scale, be ready to spend more money.
The colors match my kitchen decor, it is dishwasher-safe and doesn't require batteries (a major plus, compared to come digital scales).
The bowl is nice and wide and fits well on the scale.
If you tweak the zero knob, then it may subsequently be off in the other direction.
Once you have it right, it seems to settle out and come back to zero.2) the bowl could be made of heavier gage steel.
It works fine as is, but I suspect that if I ever drop it on tile it will dent pretty easily.
Living the Weight Watchers' plan, I find this scale is perfect for weighing and measuring food.
Because I can zero the scale, it easily acommodates other dishes and bowls.
Easy to read, weighing in ounces and ML makes it more versatile.
Because it weighs items up to 11 pounds, it is useful for estimating shipping costs.
I sell on eBay occasionally, and this scale is always accurate.
The price was good, and the scale does what I expect.
That makes it a good buy for me.
easy zero adjust.- dual display (lbs/oz and kg/g) - no need for conversions- unlike digital scales, the readout is instant.
very convenient when measuring  liquids, butter, coffee beans, flour, etc.
and have to adjust the amount on the fly and get instant feedback.- removable bowl makes this scale very versatile.
5kg/11lbs max is more than enough for a home kitchen.- looks very attractive.
mine came just as pictured, but the arrow was red.
loving the vintage/retro vibe!!CONS:- while appears to be very solidly built, the scale is rather light weight and metal is very thin.
Also would have loved if the dial had a glass cover.
Minus one star for that.- has a rather large footprint, and not an easy item to store.
it will take up some of the precious counter space.Overall, this scale is everything I needed: functional, accurate and easy to use.
This is a beautiful and classic addition to a cooks kitchen.
I enjoy baking and this is an accurate and beautiful tool in my kitchen.
I have no complaints at all about this scale.
Its size is perfect-- just right to fit on the corner of my counter.
It is easy to zero out and the bowl is large enough for most of my kitchen needs.
It is the most elegant of my 3-4 wine cooler devices so it sees more use when company is over.
Sleek, attractive and a keeps a bottle nicely chilled.
I have not done benchmark testing to see how well it keeps things cold.
I usually put a  little ice in the bottom and it works well that way.
Smaller and less cumbersome than the full bucket.
Bought this to use outside in a garden terrace.
It gets hot in the summer, and white wine would get too warm very quickly before I bought this gadget.
Note, the wine must be cold BEFORE it does into the cooler.
It will keep it cold for a reasonable amount of time in a hot Memphis summer!  Very glad I bought it.
Looks good, and if dropped, will be OK.
My Wine Cooler came today and I couldn't be more pleased.
It is just want I was looking for, something that was simple, straightforward and elegant.
It's large enough to hold a chunky champagne bottle, so I wasn't sure how it would keep a wine bottle chilled.
But chilled it kept it, and for several hours none the less.
I am very pleased and know it's going to give me years of drinking pleasure.
I also purchased the Blomus 68493 Bottle Stop to go along with it; they really do look like they were meant to be used together.
This is a simple fluted tart or quiche pan, 10" in diameter, made from white porcelain.
The finish is flawless and the substantial weight of the pan suggests that it will tolerate bumps and bangs without breaking or chipping.
I see nothing to be gained by purchasing the more expensive versions which are, in fact, essentially identical to this one.Highly recommended.
We ordered 4 of these for a brunch.
They baked our quiches from oven to table and cleaned up with no issues.
I use this all the time for quiche.
It's perfect; the right size and easy to clean.
I never knew I was missing a piece in my pots/pans/dishes arsenal.
Thought I had them all, until I decided to make an egg white quiche recipe and realized I needed this.
It cooked perfectly in this dish (I've made it 2 more times since then!).
Came out as bright, white, and shiny as it was when it first arrived.
My dish is an often-used one in my home.
I make dishes ranging from  quiche to Italian-style frittata and its Spanish cousin Tortilla Espa&ntilde;ola.
One final advantage is the finish is practically non-stick, especially if you 'grease' it with a little oil or butter before cooking with it.
The final thing I love is the color.
White goes with just about any decor, but my serving ware is all white so it fits my home perfectly.
I love mine so much that I purchased two - just in case.
I've made 2 quiches & also used it for a pie.
It worked beautifully for all cases! Everything baked perfectly!.
I have baked from apple pie to vegetable quiche in it, everything came out great.
Easy to clean (I put it in the dishwasher), looks great on the table.
I love this satin brushed salt and pepper shaker.
The idea to store the pepper shaker in the salt shaker is great.
I love watching guests trying to figure it out.
I do not have any problems getting enough salt out of the shaker and the pepper shaker is more for white pepper.
I do use white pepper often, but only as powder.
If I need black pepper I do use a pepper mill.
I am trying to avoid too much salt and pepper anyway and I really do not like the automatic grab to the salt shaker.
So the little wholes do work well.The salt and pepper shaker are easy to refill and also easy to clean.
But it does cost 10x more than a typical salt & pepper set.
This was an addition to our kitchen and it complimented to very well!  The quality was great and build is good also.
The brushed metal design is very handsome and classy to set on the dining table.
Haven't had problems shaking salt or pepper out of them.
The whisk is amazing! Although this size serves its purpose, I do like the 12" size better and feel it's more versatile.
Definitely get the whisk for all the reasons the other reviewers state.
All true and it's a joy to use.
Perhaps consider the 12" version though if you are just going to get one with intentions of it being more all-purpose.
Therefore, I still strongly caution ordering this particular item from them off this listing due to the probability of receiving a cheap substitute.
This steel ball whisk works better and cleans more easily than any other whisk.
I feels good in my hand and is quite beautiful.
This thing is light years better than old whisks.
It usually just needs a rinse and it is clean.
I have had great success with whipped creme, eggs and vinaigrette dressings.
It is very modern, attractive and whisks, but not better than any regular whisk.
We've owned this product for over 5 years and have never had a problem.
It's a very solid design that should last a long time.
Never have I made such fluffy pancakes! Easy to clean and feels comfortable in your hand.
Alsgreat for keeping your holiday gravy from lumping.
And to top it all off, it's pretty enough and small enough that I can add it to my container of utensils on the counter.
I just used this to mix pancake mix, and I got the fluffiest, best pancakes I've ever made.
No stopping every few seconds to free trapped ingredients from inside like a traditional whisk.
The handle has a nice weight to it, it's amazingly easy to clean, and it seems very sturdy.
At first I was skeptical about spending so much on a simple utensil, but with these results it's well worth it.
A pleasure to clean and pliable- conforms to the side of the bowl.
It is weighted nicely, does not cramp up my hand or tire myself out as quick as opposed to the standard balloon whisk.
If you do a-lot of hand whisking, get this, it will revolutionize your kitchen.
The design of these whisks give you multiple contact points in the pan vs the single contact point of a traditional balloon whisk.
Being used to a balloon whisk I applied more pressure than I should have.
In a balloon whisk the pressure is distributed to two tines in this version every tine works on its own.
I learned it and hopefully you won't have to.
It works great and whatever you're making doesn't get stuck in the whisk like it does with a traditional whisk.
it was time for some new whisks, so I put them on my wishlist for christmas.
I asked for both a standard whisk, as well as wanting to try one of these, as my mother in law swears by them.
I find that I now need to buy ANOTHER one of these because I absolutely LOVE this whisk.
Makes whisking soooo much easier, makes gravies like no other whisk and whips scrambled eggs in seconds.
And you can trust that when you buy WMF, it will last YOUR lifetime and beyond, amazing products.
I spend a lot of time in my kitchen and one tool I use frequently is a whisk.
I have for years used wire balloon whisks and though they get the job done I have had a few complaints with them.
I decided to try this ball whisk on the recommendation of my mother who has been using this type of whisk for years.
I will never go back to wire whisks.For someone who is used to wire whisks, this is a strange device and at first seems awkward.
Instead of wire loops, the ball whisk has a circle of straight, stiff tines tipped with steel balls (and one tine in the middle).
My initial apprehension was whether or not this whisk could hold up without bending or snapping the tines.
The tines are a lot more durable than the wire loops on a traditional whisk, though, so there's nothing about which to be concerned.
This saves having to use a second utensil such as a silicone spatula or a spoon to get to the edges.
So far, we haven't found any case where the ball whisk is incapable.
It's a little more expensive on average but it's worth the extra cost.
When you really need to whisk something in a hurry this will do the trick.
When replacing my previous whisk (wire-style whisk) I looked into the ball whisk and this model is excellent.
It has a very sleek design that is slim, which makes it easy to store in a drawer or in utensil holders.
It doesn't get tangled with other utensils like a standard whisk does.
Of course, looks are not as important as function.
Thankfully, this whisk performs just as well as it looks.
It easily takes care of eggs, batters, or just about anything you can throw at it.
The handle has somewhat of a seamless connection to rest of the whisk, so food does not get stuck.
who knew you could improve on something so simple as a whisk, but they did.
works wonderful whisking eggs or anything else you come across.
This style of whisk is my second most used one.
(#1 is a "Krona Sauce Master Whisk and #3 is a simple "French [spring] Whisk".
It is absolutely the easiest of all whisks to clean, and the combination of wires of differing lengths assures wonderfully thorough blending.
(For saut&eacute; pans the "Krona Sauce Master Whisk cannot be beat!!!).
I don't like whisking eggs with a traditional whisk because it aerates the eggs.
I love this beaded whisk especially for making sauces on the stove.
The beads get right into the corners of the pot when you stir your sauce, so nothing burns and scorches.
Also great for batter, gets the lumps right out.
This is a must have in the kitchen.
It's an excellent kitchen utensil to whip up eggs, batter, whipping cream, etc.
I've just taken delivery of it and love it.
It mixes lighter batter and eggs very well and will be what I reach for when making breakfast.
The WMF Profi-Plus 11-Inch Stainless Steel Ball Whisk is such a great idea.
Although I thought it was a bit pricey I'm so glad that I purchased it.
I'm such a gadget person anyway that when I come across an item that is new or improved I just have to try it.
Many times I had thought of clipping off the end of the wire whisk so I was glad to come across the ball whisk.
In time I will purchase the other sizes.
I have not tried whisking heavy cream so I can't attest to its' efficiency in that area.
I had been looking for a ball whisk since seeing Alton Brown use one on good eats.
I admit that my whisking using a regular whisk was rather poor and I became more reliant on my stick blender.
With this I can beat egg whites to a stiff peak, whip cream and make awesome mayo like a pro.
Was unsure if this would actually work better than a standard balloon whisk, but was pleasantly surprised.
I picked a few of these up in different sizes as I thought they were the neatest things when I saw them.
They are useful when stirring things like puddings and sauces on the stove while heating.
They get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm.
The metal to metal sounds rather like fingernails on a chalkboard at times.
This could resolve the weight and heat problems that this one has, though I've not used the newer version.
I had been looking in the kitchen stores locally for a ball whisk and had no luck.
After reading reviews I decided to give this one a go.
We love it! Works well in our cast iron cookware.
I just got the whisk in the mail today and was very happy with the purchase.
The weight is nice and the quality is good.
I would have rated this 5 stars had the whisk come with a rubber gasket that would allow the adjustment of the whisk strands.
My son, who is a chef, has that on his whisk and it is the exact same whisk that I just purchased.
My husband helped me out with that one!  Go to your local hardware store and get one.
It really helps when you have small amounts to whisk!.
Others have reviewed this whisk well, but the only thing that comes close is my flat whisk.
This ball whisk, however, is able to reach any part of any bowl, glass, or pan.
Great for gravy, for instance, among many other foods.
Wow, after seeing the one bad review, I just had to add my five cents.
It gets into the hard-to-each corners of any pot and won't harm the surface of non-stick cookware that's metal utensil-safe.
I think it's gentler on anything non-stick because the balls at the ends simply do not scratch.
I use this whisk when making sauces that start with a flour base because I will not have a single lump, period.
Regular whisks tend to splash a lot more and simply do not work as well.
I whole-heartedly recommend this whisk to any kitchen enthusiast who enjoys top-of-the-line USEFUL tools.
I agree with another reviewer who said it didn't fit well in a drawer (but neither did my other type).
I just hang it up by the loop at the end of its handle.
This whisk is wonderful for "getting into corners" of containers with vertical sides.
It is absolutely the easiest of all whisks to clean, and the combination of wires of differing lengths assures wonderfully thorough blending.
(For saut&eacute; pans the "Krona Sauce Master Whisk cannot be beat!!!) This style of whisk is my second most used one.
(#1 is a "Krona Sauce Master Whisk and #3 is a simple "French [spring] Whisk.
I have "donated"' ALL of my "regular balloon wire whisks and use only these three designs.).
Puddings and Anything else you can thnk of.
My favorite of all my whisks! Highly recommended.
Also I always get lots of compliments when I have company in the kitchen.
This is the greatest thing to happen to whisking since the whisk was invented.
The steel balls mix really well, and nothing gets caught inside the whisk.
It is a massive advantage for making caramel when I used to get clumps of unmelted sugar stuck inside my old whisks.
Plus, it's a lot easier to lick off when you're done since you can easily suck each piece clean!!.
I have a &#34;country&#34; style Kitchen and my dinnerware is Pfaltzgraff Hertiage, this crock works very nicely with both styles.
It is a good height and width for my larger Stainless cooking tools (Wolfgang Puck, which is rather tall and heavy).
Everything stands tall at the ready with room to spare.
Very happy with this new addition to my kitchen.
This is by far one of my favorite purchases for my kitchen.
It is plenty big enough for all of my often used utensils and shows off my wooden ones especially well.
Bought this to replace the ceramic gravy pot I was using to hold wooden cooking utensils on the stove.
I now have my metal spoons and spatulas conveniently at-hand on the stove, as well.
No more sorting through the drawer for them.For $10, you can't beat this!.
I like to keep cooking spoons and such next to the stove.
This crock is a bit larger than I expected, and half emptied the drawer I was keeping utenisls in.
The best part is that it can be put in the dishwasher when the inevitable kitchen grease collects.
It's also nice and heavy, with no risk of tipping over and spilling the contects everywhere.
Surprised to see I have been using this crock for three years.
Bought it in multiples to get all my kitchen utensils out of closed drawers and onto my counter.
Simple pleasing design, strong, dishwasher safe and a good value.
It is just the right height; roomy enough for lots of utensils, and the color will match any kitchen.
The opening is 5.5 inches and it is 7 inches tall.
I keep most of my daily utensils in it, I hate opening drawers while cooking.
I can fit 23 of my wooden spatulas, spoons, and spiders.
I bought 2, one for wooden utensils and the other for silver and black utensils-it was not big enough for those.
It is nice and heavy, the picture does it justice.
Mine also looks a fairly true white, not grey-white which another reviewer mentioned, looks good with my other white appliances.
It is a bit larger than my old one, which is a good thing.
It matches my new white stove, which is why I ordered it.
Updating my kitchen organization made this choice a "must do".
I have about 17 or 18 tools that fill this crock.
The more exotic tools are  in a kitchen drawer - really easy to find.
I've also found I can winnow the crock number by two or three tools that just don't get used.
Amazon made the job of finding this item a treat - large, large selection and wide price range.
The first one I ordered had a crack in it, but Amazon was really good at replacing it immediately.
I have been looking for a utensil holder, but the ones at the stores were mostly wood.
I didn't want wood near my gas stove.
I was buying something else on Amazon, and noticed that if I ordered something for a little more then $7.00 I would get free shipping.
I thought about what I needed that was that inexpensive, and remembered I needed one of these.
I chose this one because it is ceramic and it went perfect with my white appliances in my kitchen.
What I didn't realize what just how much space it has.
If you have a kitchen like mine, you know there are too many damn gadgets and you can hardly shut the cabinet drawers.
Seriously you know as well as I do that the standard utensil crock doesn't hold all of the stuff  that you do typically use.
You can fit pretty much everything in but the kitchen sink.
This is a great product and has made cooking less frustrating.
I have several of these on my kitchen counter.
They are very clean looking and can and have been used for a number of things.
What more do you want? If it holds stuff without breaking, it's a smashing success! Looks nice on the counter, so can't complain.
this is classic white, just the right size for utensils and  i love it because it is so handy.
i have 3 on them right near my cooktop.
This crock is large enough to hold numerous utensils close to the stove for easy access.
Now the kitchen drawers are not cluttered and I can easily see what I need and as a bonus , the crock looks nice.
I purchased this to hold scrub brushes by the sink.
It works well, corrals and hides them a bit.
I'm very pleased with the quality - very heavy and well made.
For years I have used a utensil crock from a flea market.
I think I got them for $4.67 each but Walmart only has them in white.
I wish I had known that before I ordered these but I seem to find a lot of uses for these things.
BedBathandBeyond is 4x the price for the same PI model.
It looks stylish, and it keeps my coffee hot for a morning - it won't keep it hot for more than 12 hours, though.
It has an interesting concept in the thumb button which opens the spout.
Properly preheated with hot tap water for a few minutes, this carafe will hold coffee at a drinkable temperature most of the day.
But if it does become an issue, at least I know what to do.My own experience so far warrants a five-star rating, no question.
As advertised, it keeps liquids hot for hours.
I have taken other people's recommendation and use a chopstick to aid the dripping water through the coffe grounds.
The whole set up works great and I'm very happy with the carafe.
I find it easy to use, and easy to clean.
We've been using this carafe every single day for about 6 months.
And it cost almost the same (around $20).
These are well constructed and keep liquids piping hot or ice cold for hours.
The dispensing spout is great and pours evenly too.
I've owned several and researched for a replacement.
Owned an earlier model of this same product.
Old model okay, this one is even better - great!  Love the opening mechanism to pour.
Old model tended to drip when pouring - not this one.
Have hot tea all day!  Best value that I've found.
I was leery at first, thinking this would keep my coffee hotter than a couple of hours.
This is my second Zojirushi that I have purchased.
I loved the first one so much decided to get another, find your coffee stays hot all day and love how it opens and close's.
Just and all around great carafe, it took many disappointments in carafes before I found this make.Great price too.
We owned both Thermos Nissan and Zojirushi Premium Thermal Carafe.
Here is a comparison of the two products:Heat retention:Some people claim that Thermos Nissan keeps heat better.
We did a careful head to head comparison -- hot water in each, and then tested after 1 hr, 2hr, overnight.
We did not notice much of a difference until we were exhausted and gave up on further testing.Size & weightBoth hold 1 liter (34oz).
However Thermos Nissan is half of outside measure of Zojirushi (mainly the height).
Zojirushi's bulky size is due to its inside glass unit plus outside shell.
For the same reason, Thermos Nissan 34oz is also much lighter.Pouring:W/ Thermos Nissan, you need to continuously push down a lever while pouring.
This is not a problem for 34oz one, but is a bit inconvenient when holding a bigger size Nissan.
Zojirushi's open/close button does not have this issue.Durability:Thermos Nissan is made of steel, so not breakable.
Somebody mentioned that the seal at mouth will need replacement eventually.
We don't know how soon that would be.
We have quite happy w/ both of them.
I did a lot of searching and reading of reviews and decided on this Zojirushi Thermal Carafe.
I wanted something to take along on those cold days to outdoor events.
Something that would hold more than a cup or two and would keep the beverage hot.
This was the perfect size - holds a liter, yet small enough to take along.
Keeps beverages hot and has a very nice stainless steel finish on the outside.
One of them is for our bed & breakfast guests.
Only thing is they really mean it when they say you can't submerge it in water which would be nice.
But, I was warned and I can't fault anyone but myself.
I looked for a long time  for a Carafe  and could not find any that I liked.
The features are great and the coffee stays hot.
Best of all the price was right! I read all the reviews and  that is what convinced me in the end.
I have a little trouble figuring out the open/closed lid, but all in all it keeps the coffee hot.
After using my kettle to heat up water, I pour what I do not immediately use into the Zojirushi carafe.
Even after the water has been in the carafe for about 8 to 10 hours, the water is still very warm.
The carafe is lightweight and is easy to grasp in order to pour water out.
Moreover, simply pushing a button one tie will either open or close the spout.
There is no need to keep pushing on the button in order to pour the water out.
All in all, I am very happy with this carafe.
I use it every day to store freshly-made coffee.
This thermal carafe keeps coffee piping hot for a couple of hours and hot for 6+ hours.
I bought two of these for my new office.
It is kind of out in the boonies, so I decided to offer coffee to my patients who followed me out there.
Apparently, the necessity of closing the spout so others will have piping hot coffee is not intuitive.
Now, I don't have to make several pots of coffee every morning.
I bought this as a gift for a friend who spends time in his truck.
Normally stopping for the convenience store coffee a few times a day.
Very good thermal carafe! I agree with all other reviews - this is one great carafe that keeps your beverage hot throughout the day.
I also would like to mention that at the top cover is an open/close indicator - nice touch.
I've had this carafe for a year now.
We use it most weekends to keep our coffee hot all day long.
It is extremely important to fill it with hot water for a few minutes, empty, then add the hot coffee.
This keeps the coffee hotter for a longer time, at least 12 hours.
It is a little difficult to clean, but I purchased a toothbrush just to clean the upper portion of the carafe.
Also, it does seem to get water stuck in the top.
I just shake out as much as I can, and just leave the top off after I wash it until it dries out.
I use a six cup french press coffee maker, and the carafe holds about 5 of this six cups.
It has a sturdy build, although the inside is made of glass, so I am generally careful when washing/using it.
I like the looks of the carafe and the way it works.
We have been pleased with it although it doesn't seem to keep things warmer any longer than our previous carafe.
I ordered these to use for a party.
It was a lovely addition to my buffet table.
It holds the coffee hot for several hours.
It makes it much easier to use than some of the other carafes I have had.
My only thing is it does not keep it hot as long as a thermos but it is much more attractive.
It does keep the coffee hot which is what I wanted but it has a smaller capacity than I expected.
The good news is I will drink less coffee during the day.
Our old carafe died a violent death in a fall off the counter.
I bought this in 2010 and it has done its job admirably for the past 4 years.
It keeps the coffee warm for several hours.
I was looking for a carafe to keep my coffee hot during the day when I work from home.
I like to brew about 3-4 cups to drink as the day passes by, and this carafe fits the bill.
It surprised me on how hot my coffee remained even after 4 hours.
I like the push button open/close feature to pour with, and it's easy to clean with a good bottle brush.
This stylish stainless steel carafe not only looks good but keeps coffee hot all day long.
It can keep it hot for the second day if you start out with enough.
Half a pot will stay warm, but a cup will get cold.
I like it enough to send one to my Dad.
Our only problem is that the "open/closed" top plate in the lid doesn't always switch appropriately with the button.
If you wiggle that top plate with your finger it will move and click shut.
Still keeps the coffee drinkably hot for 24 hours.
2008 Review: We've had this carafe for about a year and a half, and it's still keeping the coffee hot and looks great.
You will notice after awhile that the bottom loosens up and coffee will leak between the glass and metal.
Carefully unscrew the bottom (the glass carafe sits loosely on the base), remove the glass, wash and dry everything, and put it back together.
Do not submerse the cover or you will have to take it apart to get all the water out.
I now carefully wash it with a soapy cloth under running water and that is all it needs.
It does not leak while pouring and definitly keeps the coffee hot for 12hours, drinkable for 24.
Looking at many products, the Zorirushi is an outstanding product that works well.
The brand is number one for a reason.
Great product for keeping liquids hot for long periods of time.
I use it exclusively for brewing coffee with a pour-over cone.
I would suggest that you order it separately to better your chances of getting it in working order.
The first one I ordered came in a box with many other items and the inner glass portion was broke.
Amazon reacted and shipped another out immediately and it came in good condition.
I was not aware of this when I wrote the review.
This insulated carafe has one of the best heat retention capacities I've ever seen in a carafe.
It keeps coffee hot for almost 8 hours.
Overall, it is a very good carafe and worth the money.
Easy on/off push button to pour water rather than screw top lid to pour.
Kept water much warmer and for longer than the carafe it replaced.
Nice stainless finish and swivel base is convenient.
Finally a pot that holds a full pot of coffee.
So many others, you have to drink a bunch then pour in the carafe.
I can pour a 12 cup pot in here and there is still some room.
I can then take to the table and not keep running back and forth to refill.
It will keep it warm for hours, hot for at least 2-3 hours.
It does drip a little while pouring the last bit of coffee out, but we just take off the cap and pour.
Needed a new coffee carafe to replace aging 10 cup, glass lined thermal carafe.
I wanted a glass lined carafe as I think the glass lined carafes keep coffee hotter much longer than even stainless lined carafes.
Did I say its a great looking carafe.
Cleaning stainless liners is a pain as coffee stains and the after taste buildup happens fast.
So cleaning was like a every two week chore and still not as good of tasting coffee as glass lined units.
By cleaning I mean bottle brush and dish detergent as well as denture tablets soaking every two weeks.
The Zojirushi is a great looking unit and does the important job of keeping the coffee hot and it is easy to clean.
This is the best thermal carafe I have ever had.
My husband commented that it pours without dribbling.
It's fragile, shiny glass inside, like your your grandad's thermos bottle.
It holds two US quarts, and keeps it cold or hot, basically forever.No, you can't put carbonated beverages in it.
Great for hot or iced coffee or tea, ice water, lemonade, cocktails, etc.Forget running it through the dishwasher.
Has a lazy-susan spinny base that kind of odd.
Kids love it.Highly recommended, use it every day.
We received ours just as we found another that we like more.
If it is on a sideboard, I can't imagine when you'd need the swivel.
IT is the size I need, and although it is heavy when filled, it is manageable.
The next day the coffee is still warm enough to drink.
we have had much more expensive ones that do not work this well.
My first one broke when it was dropped outside so replaced it immediately.
I don't use it every day but it is handy to have when guests arrive or when going on an outing.
This thermal is good and it has a glass internal shell.
It is hard to find a glass internal shell thermal in US market.
This thermal also has a close/open switch on its port which I finally gets used to.
I use this when we go to the in laws who are not big on brewing coffee.
I pre-made chai for my book club dinner party and stored it in this carafe until after dinner.
I served eight with plenty of tea leftover for refills.
I served it a few hours after preparation and it was still hotter than one could drink right away.
I am now using it to make pots of green tea I can drink all day.
The one improvement that would be nice is some type of way to know the amount of liquid that remains in the pot.
SInce most carafes don;t have this, I imagine it takes away from the thermal properties of the container, but it still would be nice.
I got 2 of these 3 weeks ago and now it is selling for $5 less which is very annoying.
That aside, I was happy to report that the ones I got haven't had the problem of the other reviewers.
My family have been used a Zojurushi thermal for over 20 years and it finally had to be retired since we cracked it.
It does what it's supposed to and it has that industrial styling, if that's what you like.
I have two of these and recently gave one as a gift.
They work wonderfully, keeping beverages warm for hours.
It stays piping hot (with steam) for at least five hours.
More than 8 hours later, the beverage is still hot.
Even the next day it is hot--not lukewarm--hot.
You'll need a long-bristle brush to make cleaning a snap.
Not meant to compare various brands, I purchased what appeared to be the best based on Amazon customer reviews.
I am delighted with it but for one glitch which caused me to have to exchange it.
The clips on the machine base which hold the bread pan secure expand when hot and tend to get caught on the bread pan.
This makes it impossible to remove the bread pan when it is hot.
My right clip on the machine based got bent when I removed the pan and I had to bend it back---not a good thing.
That worked for a few weeks and then the clip got caught again, only on the one side.
My honest belief is that this is an unforgiveable technical glitch and has potential for problems on every machine.
Now that I understand the physics of it, I know what to do to avoid it...but that should not be necessary.
If this is a concern, buy another brand.
This is one of the best breadmakers ever made.
The dual paddles ensure appropriate mixing, yet still providing a horizontal loaf.
The preset programs work very well for regular or whole wheat breads.
It will also keep the bread warm for quite awhile after the baking is finished.
I have a number of other zojirushi kitchen products and have been completely satisfied with all of them.
And as an added bonus, they do make machines that have the coolest shapes!!!.
My Zoijirushi has been handed down to me.
I am the third owner and have the machine since almost one year.
And for half a year we were carrying the machine through the neighborhood.
The machine came with recipes and soon I settled down for one nice bread recipe.
Sure enough I changed the recipe a little bit, but I am completely addicted to my bread.
I just love it.Every time I am again surprised that these little paddles can actually make bread.
I am impressed! And it smells so good.
It came out well, but it took a few pieces out of the bread.
I do think that it is almost unavoidable; the dough gets under the little paddles and this will rip the dough.
The pan and the paddles are very easy to clean.
I take care that everything is dry when I put it back into the bread maker and until now I cannot find any rust spots.
One side is almost always a little bit lower than the other side.
The only complaint that I have is that the keading paddles leave leave 2 marks on the bottom of the loaf, otherwise it's perfect.
I bought this machine for the horizontal layout, and the ease in customizing various settings.
Few things smell better than fresh bread waiting for the rest of dinner at the end of the day.
I have run through about 25 loaves, and a quite a few batches of dough to date.
I have not seen any deterioration yet, but that may come with time.
Many dish detergents won't get the job done.
Barring that thought, there may have been a batch problem with the non stick for some users, or maybe I was lucky.
The uneven loaf problem was there for me from the beginning.
I found that the blades should either face each other at the start, or be inserted 180 degrees apart for even mixing/rising.
I still check after the last mix down though to make sure that the dough is fairly even along the bottom of the pan.
My last machine was a Panasonic that baked vertical loaves.
It's now May 16, 2006 (initial post 12/23/2002).
I still use the same machine regularly, and have a standard white loaf baking as I type.
If it ever dies, I'll upgrade to the new model, but in the meantime, it does a fabulous job at baking bread.
If this bread maker died three years ago, the cost per loaf would still have been a bargain.
As it stands, the machine works as new, and continues to please with great tasting, proper horizontal loaves.
The V20 is easy to use, has multiple pre-programmed settings plus gives you the option to program in your own recipe times.
You can even bake cakes and make jam in it if you want.
Just thought I'd let prospective buyers know that this machine really is a reliable workhorse.
I'm frequently amazed by how poorly so many new appliances are constructed.
That means this breadmaker has been going strong for 17 years.
If ONLY manufacturers would return to making quality products.
I did my research prior to buying my Zo, and I'm really glad I did.
I had one of the "others", but wasn't very happy with it.
I read the reviews here on Amazon.com and I also receive a catalog from King Arthur Flour (bakerscatalogue.com), which recommended the Zo.
I figured that since they're in the bread business they probably knew best.
With two kneading blades it mixes and kneads the dough perfectly without having to use a spatula to work the flour in.
The control panel is great because it tells you whether the dough is rising, baking, etc.
Just soak it in soapy water and you're done.
The shape of the loaf is really a traditional shape.
I have used my first one for seven years with success.
This has one thing better other than the shape of the loaf -- it displays text when it's time to add nuts or raisins.
The older Zoji only beeped, and I couldn't hear it.I paid more than half price less for this new one than my first one.
Prices have dropped and it pays off quickly, even if you don't use it much.
It has a whole wheat, quick bake, and normal bread settings.
The only downside is cleaning up the mess.
but you have to do that with any bread recipe.
less with a bread machine, if you don't flour any surface for kneading.
The horizontal pan is nonstick so the breads come out easily.
There is no warming feature on this model, so the problem of overbaking and hardening and darkening of the crust is resolved.
I love the horizontal breads so much more than those cylinders of bread that came out of the first electric breadmakers.
Go ahead and splurge on this top-of-the line breadmaker! They will thank you for it for many years to come.
We had one of the lesser variety breadmakers.
It turned out decent bread most of the time.
Whole wheat bread was always 1/3 the size of regular bread, even when added wheat gluten.
Lately, it was turning out poor quality bread.The Zojirushi is a breath of fresh air.
The traditional-shaped loaf is wonderful - we no longer have to turn a slice upside down in the toaster and toast twice.
Whole wheat bread turns out much better - loaf size is almost as big as regular bread.
You don't have to fiddle with ensuring the water temperature is just so - it has a pre-heat cycle to get everything just right.
We don't plan on ever buying bread again.
Why would I want to do that? I had thought about and even dreamt about buying a bread machine for quite some time.
I had done some research - consumer report kind of thing but mostly word of mouth.
Almost everybody kept saying this is the machine to buy if you were serious about making bread.And everybody that told me that was _right_.
I make bread probably 2-3 times a week in it and it never fails unless _I_ mess up (which occasionally I have done).
Even if you don't want to finish baking your bread in it, it is absolutely wonderful for making bread doughs.
It is bizarre to believe, but the dough rises higher if made by the bread machine than made by a standard mixer.
The smell of freshly baked bread is intoxicating and with this fantastic machine, you can wake up to it every day.
I've had my Zoji for over 6 years.
Despite my own mistake, the troubleshooting guide in the back of the manual is how I figured out the problem.
So kudos to them for their list! :&gt;As for the bread, the basic white bread recipe is simple and quick to put together.
The crumb is excellent, not too dense nor too airy.
The basic white bread recipe also has a nice balance.
I use the bread I bake mostly as sandwich bread for bringing lunch to work, or for a late night snack.
:&gt;Pros: The double paddles mix the ingredients thoroughly.
The manual has quite a few bread recipes (standard, sweet, and savory) listed in it.
I love the smell of the baking bread in the house.
Very good machine...sturdy, quiet, and the first loaf (the Italian, wheat recipe included in the manual) came out very good.
A bit dry, however, this could and probably was me.
I will be making more this weekend and will write another review.
I had an Oster for 5 years and it broke.
The bread that it made was good, never great, and not consistent.
The current price for this machine appears good.
The horizontal/traditional loaf is nice as well, however, I am not sure if this matters in reference to quality but more for aesthetics.
The bread did not stick to the pan, nor did the dough hooks/paddles stick either.
The price seemed right, so I ordered one, and I have never been sorry.This unit turns out fantastic bread in a normal, bread-shaped pan.
The viewing window is a little small, but I can honestly say that's the only drawback I've found.
I have never turned out a bad loaf of bread in this unit.
In my opinion, they don't come much better than this.You don't have to pay a lot of money for a good bread machine.
At about $150 - $200, depending on where you buy it, this is an excellent value for the money.
It promotes the circulation of the heat and cooks more evenly.This worls wonderfully with Japanese style rice such as Kokuho Rose or Nishiki.
It comes out nice and fluffy.Look down at the bed when the thing dinks done and look at the perfection below.Enjoy.
Does not take up too much room on the counter.
The cooking pan itself seems so much better than the other cheap models I have own.
In fact, when I wash my other pans, they would emit a black film which would get on my drying towels.
My other unit broke after 9 months of use...I think it was a Rival.
Please use only wooden spoons or plastic rice scooper to remove rice or you may scratch up the pan.
We live in a fifth wheel so the size is perfect.
I have found this brand to be the best.
I find it works great on long grain white and brown rices.
I've never had it boil over & love the little crispy rice bottoms I get from time to time.
I have had one of these little cookers for over five years.It get used a coupla times a week.
We lucked out on a fancy Zojirushi rice cooker 7 years ago at a thrift store.
Boy was it durable! Our dumb cat knocked it down from ON TOP of the refrigerator and it kept working like it didn't even happen.
Eventually, after who even knows how much use, the inside insert start to peel off its covering.
We mourned it for a few days and picked up this one.
We've been using it for a few months and I barely ever think about its predecessor anymore!.
I purchased this item several years ago, and it is still going strong.
Now, this isn't a fancy rice cooker with bells and whistles, but for my household is suits us perfectly.
We have only two mouths to feed and a small kitchen (storage is an issue) so, this relatively small rice cooker works well for us.
Excellent compact rice cooker for one or two.
when I want rice I drag it out and 15 minutes later have rice.
and it is a easy, hence I like it.
Very easy, doesn't use a ton of water, makes great rice, and makes the kitchen smell great too.
I purchased this rice cooker over three years ago, we use it about once a week either for rice, or steaming veggies.
It spatters water through the vent, but a dish towel draped over the lid took care of that problem.
Its quiet, and it prepares rice to the perfect done-ness quickly.
The non-stick lining is starting to show some wear, but it still works wonderfully.
No chips or flaking, just less non-stick than it was a decade ago.
My family loves rice, but I have disappointed them many a time.
I was inconsistent at best, unless I was using Minute Rice which is not the greatest culinary experience, but at least I could do it.
It's more expensive, but it doesn't scorch the bottom of small quantities of rice.
Normally, anything from this brand is a cut above, and so I'd suspect that it is probably as good as you can get for $50.
And I remembered to write review for this item only because this deserves the best rating I can.
Even 10 Stars is less to describe this product.Always perfect rice.
It turs off automatically and keeps rice warm /fluffy.
No need of expensive programable controls as this one cooks rice in reasonable wait time even when u are most hungry.
For a long time, I didn't see a need for a rice cooker.
What's the big deal, I thought, of cooking rice on the stove?  However, as my life got busier and busier, I began to want one.
For one, I cook rice at least twice a week, often more.
After the rice is cooked, it automatically switches to a "Keep Warm" setting.A few tips about cooking rice in this model:1.
Follow the water/rice ratio directions on the rice box, NOT in the manual.2.
Fluff the rice when the cooking is complete and then let it steam longer on the "Keep Warm" setting.
If you don't fluff, sometimes the rice browns a little on the bottom.3.
Use high-quality rice.Although I rarely use converted rice (Uncle Ben's Original), I decided to give it a shot in this cooker.
The results were barely satisfactory, since the rice browned on the bottom.
I don't have this problem with jasmine and other premium rices.
I suppose unplugging the appliance immediately after the cooking is done (and letting it steam without the warmer on) might help.
My own solution is to stick with the better rices.Other reviewers have noted a spitting through the steam hole during cooking.
This is less of a problem with small quantities than large.
The cooker is SO easy to clean that I can't imagine complaining about a wipe down of the counter.
(Hey, I have to do that anyway!)You'll be surprised by how simple this appliance is - and how well it works.
Recommended for people who cook small to medium amounts of rice at least two times a week.
This cooker/warmer is simple and works effortlessly.BTW, get the 6-cup model.
It does the warming and it's still small on the countertop.
Typically I just make one cup of rice.
However it does just fine for that amount.
I agree with others that this is a fine piece of equipment.
I just wanted to add that it works well when you primarily cook for only yourself (and cook mabye a cup of rice).
You have to plug it in (it does not have a power switch).
I would rather have that, but no big deal.
You flip a switch down to cook, it does the job (quickly) and the flip switches up and goes into warm mode.
I know people that do that, and you see that they scratch the non-stick surface after awhile.
I know the company has a reputation for that.
Based on my experience now, this is the brand name I would look for if I needed another.
I have used this rice cooker a lot since I purchased it, and it has never let me down.
I follow the directions of the rice-to-water ration, and it comes out great almost every time.
Pot cleans up easily and I put the lid in the dishwasher after scrubbing the vent hole first.
I've tried the cooker's ratios and the bag of rice's ratios, and it just isn't working correctly.
I'm going to have to go back to my smaller bags of jasmine rice from Trader Joe's; they cook up great.
But this is an operator error, not a machine malfunction.
Simple and easy to use.I live at 8,000 feet, where it's very hard to cook rice properly.
I just use about a cup more water than specified.
Best part is that I don't have to stand over the pot and watch it.
Just turn it on and 45 minutes later it's done!.
Best rice cooker for the money, in my opinion.Measure out the amount of rice you want to cook and put it in the pot.
Fill the pot about half full of water and stir it around with your fingers.
You'll be amazed at the amount of starch and talc that comes off the rice.
That's the white junk that other reviewers complain about being sprayed on the counter.
Carefully pour the water out and add more water.
Do this a couple more times until the water runs fairly clear.
Then bring the water up to the correct mark on the side of the pot, PLUS about 1/3 of a mark.
Cook according to the directions.Since you washed it, it won't be sticky or gummy.
If it spits any water on the counter, just lay a paper towel on the top next time.
Perfect rice.The older the rice, the more water it takes.
That's why I add a little extra.There is no mystery to cooking perfect rice.
Here's why a rice cooker does such a good job: You cook 1 part rice to 2 parts water.
(BTW, the cup they provide measures 6 oz.
of rice, which yields more than a cup when cooked.) Now you gently boil the rice and water until the water is gone.
The rice cooker has a thermostat in contact with the bottom of the pot.
Now unplug it or you'll get a crispy layer on the bottom.Use the paddle they give you with the cooker to serve the rice.
Mine's been going strong with six kids for over 15 years.
Zojirushi lasts a long time and has very accurate thermostats.
This is the most simple to use rice cooker, and it makes perfect rice, every time.
Make sure you add water to any leftovers when reheating to maintain soft rice.
Reliable and makes the most perfect rice I have eaten.
I grew up in Hawaii and thought nothing could take the place of our Panasonic...yet, this little wonder rocks.
The bowl is easily cleaned and nothing sticks.
I had never owned a rice cooker before I bought the Zo.
Not so!  While it was on the warming cycle, I stirred it and put the lid back on.
I was torn between this one and the 10-cup model, but am happy I got this size.
It makes plenty of rice for my needs.Oh, and I had no trouble with the rice spraying gunk out of the hole in the top.
I did rinse the rice before I put it in the cooker, though.Love it!.
It is so simple to use and has lasted well.
Sure it spits towards the end of the cooking but I just place a paper towel over the vent which works fine.It is fabulous.
Would highly recommend as it is a durable product.
I don't know how we lived without a rice cooker all our lives.
I'm buying a much bigger one, next time, so I can use it for larger &#34;company&#34; meals.
It's easy to clean and easy to use and my rice always comes out great.
I can't say I'd change anything about it.
I just hope it lasts as long as the last Zojirushi I had.
So, I bought this rice cooker, which also had a steamer (plus).
Needless to say, I've survived two semesters so far, and I've cooked just about anything.
I mostly use this rice cooker to steam tubers, which I then mash.
Have had my rice cooker for 7 months use it almost daily for one sometimes 2 people cooks rice quickly and evenly.
I also wanted a quality product that wouldn't decimate my bank account.
You can't burn it if you forget that your cooking (one of my challenges).
It just dries out, which you can fix with more water.
The rice CAN burn, though, if you haven't rinsed it really well, so set a timer.
If you can't, this one will make your life safer and a bit easier.
gotta say first and foremost...the rice is AWESOME that comes out of this dead-simple machine.
the non-stick pan truly is that...i only ever use a soft, rubber spatula in it and nothing has ever gotten stuck.
yes...it is more $$$ than others..but worth every single penny.i love it.
I purchased this after buying some terrible ones at the local department store.
I cook rice probably 3-4 times a week, if not more.
If you plan on cooking rice this often invest in this rice cooker.
Zojirushi knows their cookers and this is as quality as they come.
The size is perfect for my little family of 3.
If you have a bigger family or if you enjoy cooking for plenty of people - get the bigger size.
Acutally this cooker can double as a steamer also.
I purchased the black/silvery metallic color and it looks lovely in my kitchen - not so boring appliance color.
I've owned it for 3 years and it works as well as when Ifirst purchased it.
My rice cookers by other brands in the past broke within the first year.
Cute little rice cooker, but it does the heavy lifting when you want it to.
The steamer instructions are a little off, but otherwise I'm glad I picked it up.
Usually I only cook two or three cups of rice, but when I want it to, it can churn the stuff out like no tomorrow.
I use them not only to make rice, but for all sorts of one-pot meals.
Put in a cup of rice, vegetables, meats or seafood, seasonings, tofu.
and a half hour later you have a steaming hot one-pot meal.
The long-grained rice Americans are used to should be cooked with 1-3/4 cup of water for each cup of rice.
Get the ratios correct, and everything works out fine.I've had a number of rice cookers of different sizes.
Go with the top Japanese models; they're made for day-in and day out cooking.
I can't believe how easy it is to make rice and steam vegetables.
Based on other customer reviews, I followed the directions on the rice package and my rice turned out great.
I think I bought this ten years ago.
still going strong after being used once a week.
Simple, no fuss, rice comes out perfect every time.
I used this about once a week, and have for the past 5 years or so.
It's great, still looks and works like it's brand new.
Either over-done and mushy, or burnt and dry, my rice just never seemed to come out right.
It took a few times to cook the rice the way we like it.
The pre-washed rice is a little mushy for my liking.
My family liked it unwashed....it's a bit firmer.
**When the rice is done, you have to stir it because otherwise the rice starts turning brown on the bottom.
Overall, takes a little getting used to, but I would recommend to a friend.
Does everything my old rice cooker did without changing any ratios of rice to water.
Love the fact that it does that and gives me a little more capacity.
Could not be happier because until I found this product, I was not finding anything like my old rice cooker.
The bonus was that we needed just several more cups of capacity and got it.
I used it for any steamed meals that I can cook with my rice.
I've even done steaming of my pork buns or have even used this as a way to cook my hot dogs.
Our old cooker/steamer (same model #) simply wore out (or at least the coating in the bottom did) over many years of use.
So we replaced it with the same model.
Amazon didn't even respond to the poor packaging feedback (and photos), either - highly disappointed.
Thank you for a Double Duty appliance!!!!The instruction books leaves a lot to be desired.
Be sure to rinse your rice B4 cooking.
No problem with boiling over here.Update 2012: With moderate use, still working great and the non-stick coating is perfect.
Awesome product! My previous rice cooker finally bit the dust so I had to replace it.
It makes perfect rice and doesn't burn the bottom, even after it has been left to warm a few hours.
I haven't tried the steaming yet but I'm sure it'll be great.
I find I use this product more for the steamer than the rice cooker.
It steams potatoes perfectly, as well as many other types of vegetables.
Very easy to clean, and the capacity is great!.
I wanted something to cook rice easily and larger quantities than the old one.
Despite some negative reviews, this seemed to be the best choice for the price.
I just add a little more liquid when cooking brown or a wild rice mixture we cook very often.
No problems and the rice is just right.
I also like the separate steaming basket included.
I love my rice cooker and use it several times a week!  But you need to wash your rice thoroughly before cooking.
This will help with the &quot;spitting water&quot; problem the cooker has.I enjoy using the steamer for kale, broccoli, cauliflower, or carrots.
That's one problem that keeps me from rating this as a 5 star machine.
The other problem is that the instruction booklet is poorly done.
Brown rice needs to soak for 30 minutes before starting to cook.
Since I bought this as a present for my niece, I haven't personally used it and haven't gotten any feedback from her.
It arrived in perfect condition and seemed like a quality cooker.
Have used it for both brown rice and white rice.
We have had this unit for years and years and it works great.
It is one of the most reliable pieces of cookware we've ever bought.
I love that I can steam foods while my rice is cooking.
That may also be because I thoroughly rinse the rice before cooking it, I'm not sure.
All I know is this thing has been durable and proven itself perfectly functional and super easy to clean.
Not sure if I can justify ever paying more for a higher-end model, but the Zojirushi name seems be synonymous with quality!.
Just like the other reviews say, this is a fabulous product.Out of the box it makes perfect white rice.
I'll try other recipes as I go, but it definitely passes the &quot;out of the box&quot; test.The instruction book leaves a lot to be desired.
Super easy to clean, and excellent rice every time!  Timer is indispensable for our busy family.
We gave one as a wedding gift to our daughter and am buying another one as a gift for good friends.
A friend of mine got the Zojirushi rice cooker and highly recommended it to me.
I bought one and LOVE it!  It makes rice perfectly every time and is extremely easy to use.
I've since bought another one for another friend for Christmas, I would highly recommend this rice cooker to anyone.
None of the others come close in quality!.
Like the other reviews, this rice cooker makes long- and medium- grain rices perfectly.
It doesn't make the rice creamy the way some restaurants do by adding starch.
This can be achieved by setting a timed cook, for example, putting the rice and water in the morning to be done cooking by evening.
It really is a great rice cooker and I don't regret having purchased both sizes of them.
Cooks great and my wife calls it as a Mercedes of all rice cookers.
I have been using electric rice cookers all my life.
This is by far the best rice cooker I have ever come across.
Varying the water level here and there don't seem to make a difference: the rice turns out moist and fluffy every time.
I find the water scale in the non-stick (extremely easy to clean) pot to be accurate for cooking white rice.
I got this rice cooker about 2 months ago, and I am very pleased with the purchase.It cooks enough rice for 2 or 3 people.
You just have to vary the amount of water (slightly) to get the results that suit your taste.Few reviews say that it's hard to clean.
Every part is easy to clean and there are no dirty parts that are hard to reach.
Not sure what or who motivated those reviews.It's also great for making hot cereal and all kinds of porridge.
This particular model is made in Japan which is a big plus from my perspective.
So, I get this little gizmo in the mail, put in some rice, put in some water, push a button and.
I've owned this rice cooker for four years and my husband and I love it - compact and perfect for two people.
I add more liquid than what recipes call for as we like our rice moist.
You can add sliced mushrooms which makes brown rice even better.
I was not a rice lover but this terrific rice cooker has turned me into a person that enjoys eating rice every week or two.
The retractable cord keeps everything neat on the counter.
One of my favorite and most used appliances!.
I got this rice cooker for my birthday a couple of years ago and I LOVE it.
It always makes perfect white rice, brown rice, wild rice or jambalaya.
I have even used it to make rice from a box, although I sometimes have to adjust the amount of water called for.
The bottom line is I know that I can start the rice, and this little Zojirushi rice cooker will do the rest.
Then I can focus on the rest of the meal without having to worry about burnt rice.
It comes with a rice paddle which I use all the time that won't scratch the bowl.
Just don't forget to check the reservoir at the back and empty it when necessary.
This is a great little rice cooker -- easy to use and clean, and quiet.
Its design is very nice; it even has a retractable cord.
The rice came out perfectly the first, and so far only, time I used it (I just got it a day ago).
I am an athletic 50 year old male and eat a huge amount of food for dinner each evening.
when cooked) I could conceivably ever eat is 1.25 to 1.5 cups, the cooked result of which is obviously much larger.
Two very hungry adults would have trouble consuming all the rice this thing can make in one sitting.
The Panasonic produces dry rice that is burned at the bottom.
This cooker, the Zojirushi, produces moist rice in easily separated grains that are not burned at all, anywhere.
I found the timing function to be convenient.Other reviewers have stated that this model has fuzzy logic; I don't think that is correct.
You have to buy a more expensive rice cooker from Zojirushi to get that feature.
Having owned a much cheaper rice cooker that never managed to cook nice rice, I took a chance on this one.
Boy am I glad I did! It is worth the price, no question.
I am a total Zojirushi convert and I will never be without one again.
This thing is a little odd looking but it's just beautifully engineered.
Yes, you can make rice on the stove.
This rice cooker is our favorite thing in the kitchen.
Not only does it make delicious rice, you can make breakfast porridge and soup.
It keeps the rice warm, it can be set in advance to have it ready when you come home from work.
The rice comes out perfectly every time, never sticks.
We eat three times as much rice as we did before.
The yield is about 5- 8-oz cups of cooked rice, less with brown varieties.
Perfect rice every time! Previously I owned a much less expensive rice cooker and was often disappointed with the results.
I've used it to make brown rice, barley, wild rice and even risotto.
(Yes! risotto! and it came out perfect - just needed a vigorous stir at the finish.
) Next I'm going to try some pilafs in it.Easy to clean and easy to use.
Be sure to follow their recommendations on the rice to water ratios.
This model makes maximum 6 cups cooked rice.
If I had a large family this would not make enough.
As a lady on a very strict budget, I must carefully research products I intend to purchase.
I don't mind spending quite a bit on cookware, IF the product performs well.
what good is it, to buy a cheaper product, and be disappointed in results? I thought I didn't "need" a rice cooker.
I always prepared rice the old fashioned way with super results.
That being said, as my Asian cooking skills grew, I realized how handy a rice cooker would be, saving me much time.
While the rice is cooking, I prepare my stir-fry, tempura, or other dishes.
I then just keep it all in the fridge & re-heat as needed.COOKING TIPS & RICE BRAND TIPS:A neat tip.
instead of water, use Chicken Stock to cook your rice, especially to be used with your Orange Chicken or other tasty recipes.VERY important tip.
do yourself a huge favor and only buy Asian rice.
Take the time to drive to the asian markets & remember, the asian rice MUST be washed.
just put the rice in a large bowl, and rinse, drain the water, rinse again, etc.
(I use a giant strainer for this, makes it super easy).
The asian rice is dirt cheap, they normally package it right at the market in pre-weighed bags.
If you can find rice called "Kokuho", I'd highly recommend it.
Of all the rice types & brands I've tried, this is the BEST out there.
However, you can start with your fresh rice as well.
You want to pre-heat your oil in the wok or frying pan.
get it hot, just be fore it starts to smoke, add your rice.
Give it a good frying, don't just run it around in the pan for a few seconds, do give it a good frying.
Then remove the rice, and put in your stir-fry vegetables, etc.
after hearing the next tip, I think they're right!)SUPER EASY FRIED RICE TIP.
Ok now if you have just a few minutes and want some super-easy super-fast "stir fry" rice, here's a neat trick.
start with fresh cooked rice, or rice from the fridge, either way is fine.
Heat the rice in the microwave, then add some butter.
you want the butter to LIGHTLY coat all the rice.
Now, add a few drops of your soy sauce, or hoisin, etc.
Even if you have to drive clear across town (as I do), I guarantee, it's WELL worth the effort.
It was my favorite til I discovered Kokuho at the Asian Markets in my area.
I can't rave enough about this rice cooker.
Rice is a staple of my diet, and I eat it at least three times a week for dinner.
Cute little machine that is great for the apartment dweller and single guy/gal.
The dish-washer can be kind of harsh for it.I can't believe that Amazon is offering this product.
Ususally, you can only purchase it in China town.
I have to ask my mother to bring one for me from the other side of the earth!.
If you are looking for a *small* rice cooker, this one is perfect.
It is, in fact, smaller (both inside and outside) than I have expected.
I gave this 5 stars for fun, because my son loved it from day one, and would not leave the store without it.
I have no idea if this is a good lunch box.
We owned ours for 6 years and never once packed a lunch in it.
First grade grandson loved it, compartments are all good side, sturdy and well made.
My son is very into being a "big boy" and definitely feels like one with his new Thomas lunchbox.
I've put a lot of silicone spatulas in my hand and the shape of this one bests them all.
Whether its frying unions or making eggs, this has the right amount of firmness and the right shape to handle it all.
I'd go for the red one though, looks better than this faded blue.
I didn't need it for high heat,  though I have used it for sauteing vegetables as well,  and it's worked just fine.
I have the smaller size as well.Edited to add that I use this daily to help get smoothies out of the machine.
The Le Creuset Large Silicone Spatula spoon is fast becoming one of my favorite kitchen tools.
It's high quality and works great for mixing batters or stovetop mixing.
It is very heat resistant and works well withmy stainless pans.
It's a great tool for baking, especially for candy-making.
It's made to get all of those pan sides ans scoop, too.
I love le creuset and will buy whenever I can.
This is really great at getting everything out of the mixing bowl and smoothing cakes and icings.
Cook's magazine gave this scraper it's highest rating.
I had two for over a year and then bought 4 more to be sure I'd have enough to last a lifetime.
Whenever I'm shopping for silicon spatulas, the ones I don't put back and keep in my hand always wind up being the Le Creuset brand.
I needed to replace a couple of very, very old Le Creuset spatulas and went to my local cooking store.
The feel of the silicone, and the quality of the wood handle was apparent compared to other brands.
I was lucky to score a couple that were still marked Made in USA (my personal preference is to avoid China when at all possible).
Food easily slips off the silicone and they are so easy to clean.
It was a gift so I can't speak to much more except that my daughter loves it.
I only buy Le Creuset spoonulas and they last forever.
At this point, I keep a stock in my last minute gift closet because they make great hostess gifts.
They clean easily and can handle the high temps so they won't melt.
This is just a spatula that has a bit of curve to it.
Why write a review? Because it is awesome.The handle feels great and has a flat spot so it balances on pot handles nicely.
I do NOT take the head off the handle before putting the whole thing in the dishwasher.
I got two more in other sizes and shapes.I store my cooking tools in a cast on the counter.
These handles are narrow and do not take up too much room in the storage container.
I wish all my tools had these handles.I find myself reaching for these instead of wooden spoons and spatulas.
I like the fact that they will never damage my pots and pans.Do note that it is more spatula than spoon.
Don't get this thinking you'll be able to spoon large amounts of soup out of a pot.
Think of it this way: it is flat for a spoon and very curved for a spatula.
I bought this and its littler brother to join some identical (other than color) ones that I've had for a few years.
I use them every time I cook, and they're perfect.
They have just the right amount of give, and they stand up perfectly to the dishwasher.
But is this a realistic complaint?  It would seem to me, just make sure to wash it thoroughly,no problem.
And the bigger the better -- stirs more, scrapes more -- I can scrape a huge mixing bowl in just 3 swipes.
Then I lost it for a while and was surprisingly upset.
Now I'm throwing out all the old plastic ones with a sigh of relief.
I even managed to flip pancakes with this beauty last weekend.
I think you'll convince yourself, and I'm sure you'll be glad if you do!STRONGLY RECOMMENDED in all sizes.P.S.
Does it wear the wood out a little bit?  Of course.
Does the year-old one look a little less fresh in the handle than the brand new one from Amazon?  Yeah.
but do I care?  no!  The wood just looks a little more weathered, which is fine with me.
The new ones have all gone in the dishwasher now, too, and I expect they'll all do just fine.
If not, it's my choice, and I'll just replace them a little sooner but enjoy both the luxury and the convenience in the meantime.
Great spatula, poor color choice on my part.
The white stains, and cannot always be fixed.
I love this zester and can't wait to use it more in the coming months.
Once the lemon trees start bearing fruit around here, we're making another batch of limoncello, which needs the zest of 15 or more lemons.
It's protective plastic sheath also acts as a zest catcher.
It's a great product to have around your kitchen.
My Mom gave us one of these for Christmas and we use it frequently.
I did suffer &quot;Skinned Knucle Syndrome&quot; once, so now I wear my cut-proof carving glove on the hand with the food in it.
The zester is easy to use  and clean and comes in a protective storage sleeve.
The lemon was completely naked in 10 seconds flat! Hardly any pressure was needed when zesting.
The zester removed every bit of outer skin, and *could not* remove any of the underlying soft white skin.
Be careful, the screen is sharp, but not seriously dangerous.
The zester was easy enough to clean after use.
It comes with a durable plastic slide cover to protect its teeth (and your fingers) during storage.
Who knew freshly grated nutmeg was such an amazing experience?  I use it for garlic, ginger, cheese, etc.
I am thinking about buying one with a handle but this works great as is.
This is not a microplane, so it generates shreds rather than smaller grains.
I use it for parmesan cheese and, of course, for zesting citrus.
It's easy to clean and slides back into its protective case.
This is the second microplane I have purchased from t his company.
My mother loved my first one so much she took it.
The blades are VERY sharp and using it is pretty much effortless.
It's quite flat so it's easy to store because it doesn't take up much room.
How the heck are you less likely to scrape your knuckle just because there's a handle? I have had NO problems using this zester.
Just use it carefully, there is a risk involved in using ANYTHING sharp, including a pencil.
This is a great product, don't complain because you are careless or don't know how to use a microplane.
It is a great tool to have in the kitchen and this one will last a long time.
Would be great if it had a handle, but it is easy to use and it zests great.
My one complaint is that that plastic shield/zest-catcher(?) gets a little difficult to slide all the way onto the zester.
Since there's no handle on the zester, it gets a little awkward.As far as its zesting/nutmeg-grating ability.
I like the looks of it but have not used it yet.
The case is really hard to get off.
I ordered the microplane 40001 zester recently because I find myself having more and more recipes that call for lemon, lime or orange zest.
In fact, since receiving the zester last week I have used it four times already.
It got a really good first use when I grated an entire large piece of ginger on it.
I have never grated ginger so quickly and effortlessly.
It is super easy to clean with just water and a little soap.
I have delayed getting one of these for a long time and I'm so glad I finally decided to get one.
I'm sure a more expensive model with a handle would be nice, but I find it to be unnecessary.
It was comfortable to use even while grating that large piece of ginger.
I love this zester!  I received this as a gift from my mom about ten years ago.
It has held up wonderfully and I use it all the time to zest citrus and to grate ginger, cinnamon and nutmeg.
It can also grate parmesan and other hard cheeses, but I don't like how finely it grates cheese.
It clearly was made to stand up to hard use.
The Microplane line of zesters and graters is worth every dime.
The design is effecient in all cases and easy to maintain at home without much fuss.
The folded edges of metal along the side can be grepped though  it is  a small area.
It can also 'fit' over a large bowl but you must have  something to anchor it properly or it slips.
Matter  of fact you will be tossing out your other zesters and graters.
I downgraded to this one since it's a simple, single piece with no parts or attachments to break.
(Though it does slide into a protective cover for storage.) There is also increased grating area where the handle used to be.
It might not be as comfortable to hold, but it's adequate for reasonable daily use.
It's not like I'll be grating for hours on end.
If you need a microplane, this one is excellent.
I've always dreaded zesting, even using other fine microplanes.
I usually avoid single-use utensils, but this is an exception.
Zesting is quick simple fun and non-messy with this dedicated zester.
Like all of the tools in the line, this one does it's job amazingly well.
I bought four tools from this line to cover various jobs, and they all outperform anything I have ever used before.
I've used it on citrus fruits as well as nugmeg.
Love love love.Because there is no handle, i only uncover half of the zester and hold the other half that the shield is covering.
It is easy to get the stuff that sticks off the back.
And it comes with a plastic sheath, so you don't cut yourself on it reaching into a drawer.
No kitchen should be without one of these microplanes.
Very versital, and makes short work out of any grating project with little to no fuss whatsoever.
Easy to clean  garlic and lemons- watch out!  The only thing better would be a shorter version.
It works GREAT though, I highly recommend it (or spend a couple bucks more and get the next version up which is even better!).
I have owned the standard rasp-grater for over 15 years, and it's still as sharp as ever.
Recently splurged and got the one with a handle, since i tend to scrape my fingers while holding it (no cuts, though).
Garlic, nutmeg, hard cheese, zest, this rasp will tackle it all.
Get the coarser one for softer cheeses and onion.
I have had this zester for years and love it.
It makes short work of citrus fruits, is easy to use and clean, and provides a very fine zest.
This zester makes all other zesters look like the most useless tools in the kitchen.
I used this zester on citrus peel (my first intended use) and did not get a stitch of the pith in my dish.
I also used it to grate chocolate and hard cheese and it worked really well.
Cleaning was very easy and I didn't worry about injuring myself with this tool.
After you get this you won't even THINK about using the fine plane on your square grater.
I use this little zester way more often than I use a regular grater.
It is easy to use and easy to keep clean.
It comes in a protective case that keeps it sharp and undamaged in the kitchen drawer.
We bought this second one when we got an RV - a must-have.
I use it for lemon and orange rinds as well as for hard cheeses.
I especially like it for ginger and zest.
This is a gadget but one you will be so delighted that you have.
Liked it so well, I got 2 more for my mom and my daughter-in-law.
I needed a good zester to make lemon Angel Food Cake.
I can't believe I didn't buy this product years ago.
If you like to bake, and need to zest citrus peels, don't hesitate to buy this item.
I have had my own for 3 years without missing a beat.
Bought another one as a gift for my MIL because she loved mine so much.
I've used this zester countless times and it's never let me down.
It'll breeze through limes, oranges, satsumas, clementines, grapefruits, and stem ginger.
Ok, first this fits well in a drawer.
I hate all the new spoons, etc with large handles.
This zester works like advertised, and who wants a tool to take up premium drawer real estate when only used once a month or less?.
I have not noticed any dulling, and I do use it for nutmeg which can dull the blade.
So when following a recipe use the recommended weight of the hard cheese.
If the amount is given by volume, increase it by half using a Microplane.
I use it to grate citrus peel, chocolate, hard cheeses (note: it yields a very fine grate.
If you like a coarser grate, use a traditional grater.
The micro plane coarse and extra coarse graters still grate way more finely than a normal grater).
Unlike other reviewers, I like the fact that it doesn't have a handle.
It gives you more surface area to do your grating and it doesn't feel uncomfortable in the least in my hands.
I honestly don't know what they are talking about! I've never came even close to shaving my knuckles.
I love the fact that it's dishwasher safe, too.
This particular grater is not sharp enough to grate things like ginger and nutmeg, however, so I have a different microplane for that.
If it weren't for that, this would be a perfect gadget.
Just grip the sides, rub it over the fruit, and the zest practically falls off.
The best thing is that it removes only zest, 100% of the pulp is left behind.
Does not take up room in the drawer.
Excellent zesting tool and is easy to use over food being prepared.
I would assume it would work equally well with other items.Highly recommended for anyone looking to add some nutmeg in their dishes.
I got this zester for free from a Cook's Illustrated magazine promotion.
I can't believe how quickly I can zest an entire lime or lemon.
It's amazing! It's also great for hard cheeses, etc.
I agree with other reviewers about the lack of a handle.
However, I easily solved that problem by buying a Kitchen Aid silicone pot handle cover at Target.
You won't be making the key lime pie cover shot, but you'll be done in 60 seconds.
Break out the OXO for the garnish, but let this Microplane do the bulk of the work.
We promptly sent two other zesters off to Goodwill after this arrived.
It is a dream to use and easy to clean.
I mainly use it to zest citrus peel, but it works well for fresh ginger, garlic, hard cheeses too.
I am so happy I took a chance on it.
I have heard great things about this zester and decided to give it a try.
This was probably the best decision in a while.
The zester works fabulous and it really only gets the zest and none of the bitter, white skin that sits under the peel.
Perfect for slipping into a knife roll, super sharp.
It might not be as snazzy as some of the handled ones, but it's just as useful.
The micro-plane was recommended on several web sites showing how to make your own laundry soap.
I can grate a bar of laundry soap so much faster on the micro-plane compared to grating with an old fashion grater.
This is a great product and zests well.
I do wish they made a nicer holder/protector case instead of the one it comes in.
This has been a great tool in my bag for quite some time.
Excellent for garnishes to adding the full fresh flavor of citrus zest without any of the bitter pith.
Also great for grating hard cheeses such as parmesan to grinding fresh nutmeg.
But to be fair, I bought the other model without a handle which acts as a catch tray.
Much easier to collect and transfer zest into desired plates or bunch together.
This grater/zester worked so well for zesting lemon and was so much easier to clean than I had expected.
Exactly what a micropplane should be - simple, works well and easy to handle.
I've run this through the dish washer probably like 15 times since I bought it and its still sharp.
Bought this for my mom for a just because present.
It's all true! This is the best zester ever - what a smart design!.
Its easy to clean, but if you use a sponge, don't clean against the blades as it will cut up your sponge.
Lite soap and water is good and I dry it ASAP.
This grater is like no other you've ever used!  Zesting citrus fruits was always a chore I dreaded.
No more!  In a tiny fraction of the time, this grater produces 5 times as much zest from a single piece of fruit.
What little zest clings to the grater is easily brushed off by hand.
I can't ever imagine going back to an ordinary grater/zester!  Works well for other grating tasks too.
This zester/grater works very well for anything you could possibly want to shred to tiny bits very easily.
I have used it for grating hard cheeses, for zesting citrus fruits, and for other various things.
With caution, there should be no issues though.
This grater is great to have for quick grating of things that are small.
The surface area is narrow so only plan on using it for narrow items.
Best hard cheese grater I've ever seen - creates nice thin filaments of parmesan or romano that melt right into the pasta.
However, as another reviewer noted, it will also serve up nice thin filaments of finger or thumb if you're not careful.
Kind of like my first experience with a mandoline.
This is the only microplaner I've owned but it zests very well.
It's very easy to clean as compared to my regular graters.
It hasn't ruined my sponge like another review; I just make sure to sponge with the grain instead of against the grain.
Many microplaners do not come with a handle like this does so I've never gotten cut with this microplaner.
What else can I say! Works just like it should.
This grater works well for all kinds of different things.
The size allows you to grate parmesan really quick and easy.
We go through a lot of microplanes in this house.
The ones we've bought have been cheaply made and seem to fall apart after a few months of average use.
This ones seems to be much more hardcore as the others we've purchased, not all that much more in price, and gets the job done.
This is the third one I have tried, and by far the best.
I zest lemons and oranges for recipes, and have used this one a few times per month for the past 5 months.
It's a snap to clean up, and it makes zesting unbelievably quick and easy.
The handle is easy to hold, and the space on the under side of the zester collects everything you're pulling off the spice/fruit.
My only "complaint" is that I didn't buy this sooner!.
This is the best grater I've ever used.
I used it to grate cheddar cheese for cheese straws.
This grated the cheese so finely, making it easier to blend with other ingredients.
I have also used it to grate garlic, and it does a great job.
I can see myself using this grater for many other things.
This product makes zesting citrus and grating spices unbelievably easy.
I love that it comes with a well fitting plastic sleeve for safe storage.
I have tried to do with out a zester/grater.
I have tried to make do with other items but they just don't work.
Works very well for what it is intended, and is very sharp.
I haven't had that much use for it yet, but what I did get to use it for, it was a huge help!.
I purchased it based on the advice of others, and now I'm adding to their chorus.
This is an amazing grater, it's sharp and perfect for zesting citrus.
Leaves the bitter pith behind and gives you the flavorful peel only.
It performs a good job of finely grating or zesting your food.
It does an easy job and is easy to clean.
I am still using it today after more than 10 years now.
I did just buy a replacement as it has gotten a bit less sharp, but its still in the drawer for now.
One of my favorite things to use it on is frozen ginger root.
I buy the roots in the store and then I freeze them.
That way I can buy them when they get a nice shipment in.
It works fantastic grating into the pan from frozen.Its also great for nutmeg, citrus, cheese like parmesan.
Everything you've heard about this microplane is true.
It's razor-sharp and effortlessly glides through a brick of cheese.
It zests citrus, grates nutmeg, and shaves chocolate into delicate mounds of powder-fine cocoa-y goodness.
It's shiny and lovely and actually stays that way, due to high-quality stainless steel.
Goodbye, wasted cheese and hello, five stars! Toss in a little plastic clamshell protective case and call it a day.
And now I'm off for a nice 4-margarita company lunch.
I stupidly slid my finger down it, trying to push out the cheese.
What I got was a nasty cut on my index finger and a bloody wad of cheddar.
Mind that edge, folks.Edit this post | Permalink.
Only 4 stars because the grating holes wrap around the edges so it's easy to scrape yourself.
Also, grates parmesan too finely for my taste.
The way to go for zesting for sure.
easy to use and clean.Recommend to everyone that is looking for a zester.
I've used this for nutmeg, lemon zesting, and parmesan cheese.
My only complaint is the the sides fold over the back and it can make scraping the lemon zest off the back difficult.
I bought these for myson-in-law who owns a restaurant in Italy.
It's very well made and sturdy with a good handle to grip.
This is a great product and easy to use and care for.
Made of good quality materials and practical design.
Lost the one I had so needed to get a new one and like the old one this is a gem.
I use it almost every day for grating cheese, or zesting citrus, or for hard chocolate for pies, cakes, ice cream.
And I eat a lot of fresh ginger and this makes grating ginger a breeze.
We had a less expensive zester that worked poorly and took forever, even for lemons.
This microplane zester is very high quality and makes zesting citrus and grating garlic a pleasure,  Highly recommend.
Excellent quality and still sharp after two years.
This tool is used by several chefs on the Food Network shows, and it certainly looked perfect for zesting lemons, etc, WITHOUT scraping my knuckles.
and IT IS!Easy to use, perfect for the task, and very easy to clean.
It comes in a sturdy plastic sleeve ideal for protect and store it safely.I'll bet you'll love it, too./bj.
I had a microplane before this, but it didn't have a handle.
Made short work of many lemons that ripened all at once.
I zested them and then juiced them, froze the juice in two tablespoon cubes and froze the zest in one tablespoon packest.
Although the zest did darken some, wasn't apparent in the finished baked goods and curd.
grates quickly and stores well with the included sheath to keep it sharp in drawers full of things that might otherwise dull it.
There is no better option available for zesting citrus than the Microplane Classic.
I have one for my house, two for my food truck, and I've given several as gifts.
Bought one of these after watching someone use it on a cooking show.
This is Made in the USA and it shows.
It is REALLY sharp so be careful when using it.
I use it to grate nutmeg for my coffee blends.
What's not to like?  No more shredded knuckles.
This item can't be beat for zesting a lemon or grating parmesano reggiano or other hard cheeses.
No more scraped knuckles!  I love this item!.
I've been wanting a zester for quite awhile and I finally decided on this one after plenty of reviewing of others here on amazon.
I highly recommend that you get this if you're sitting on the fence and aren't sure.
I come from a family that revolves around food and cooking.
I was skeptical when I ordered this zester, but my skepticism has turned to sheer delight.
There are many reasons I rated this 5 star.
First, the blade is long, allowing one to quickly collect a lot of zest at one time if needed.
The inside of the blade is beveled so while you are zesting, it collects cleanly on the inside with no residue falling off.
It cleans up easily with soapy water and a small brush.I tried it on a number of fruits with varrying outside hardness.
I purchased this grater/zester several months ago and have to say it is the best way to get clean (pithless) zest from citrus.
If you are a an avid baker/cook, this is a must have gadget!!.
We bought our first microplane about four years ago.
We used it on every grate-able item you can imagine - cheese, citrus, ginger, garlic, nuts, harder cheese, etc.
It shines brightest on citrus fruits, where you usually don't want the bitter pith.
It works best with hard cheeses, but sometimes I find the feathery gratings to be a bit too small for me.
I prefer slightly bigger pieces that I can taste more, but it really depends on the person and dish.
Semi-soft cheeses may get mashed a little, but generally do okay.Definitely dishwasher safe.
No rust.Eventually, over the course of about a thousand uses, the metal blades became pushed down and flat.
This made the bulk of the microplane smooth and unusable.
In spite of that, we immediately replaced it with the exact same product.
This is the best kitchen tool I've bought it ages.
I quit using my kitchenAid cheese grater attachment and it's absolutely perfect at zesting.
I have not tried it on nutmegs but I think it'll work there too.
Does not get clogged so I've been just lightly washing it - watch the direction or your brush/rag will snag.
any kitchen that's worth it's weight in salt uses this.
It's great to grate (huh, huh-huh) hard cheeses, nutmeg, cinnamon, citrus, etc.
It's very easy to clean and it includes a very good blade guard.
One of our most used tools when cooking.
I ordered this Microplane on suggestion of chef from one of my Indian cook books.
Bought it for grating raw ginger, however I used it first to grate Parmesan cheese.
The cheese came out light and fluffy wished I had had one earlier.
I kept seeing this tool on the cooking shows and wanted to try it and I was not disappointed.
Love this! I just used mine to grate 14 lemons to make limoncello.
In fact, I just used this last night after I made lasagna to top it off with some fresh grated Parmesan!.
I have always struggled trying to zest lemon, etc.
And it is also wonderful for grating hard cheeses, nutmeg, etc.
This is nearly a requirement for any equipped kitchen.
This is small enough to put into a drawer but long enough such that you're not running off the edges.
The protective sheath protects both you and the ultra sharp edges.
We have been using this for over a year and are thrilled.
We use it for shaving parmesan and romano cheese for our pasta dishes.
We use it to grate nutmeg.This is very sharp which means it is fast to use.
The long blade makes it easy to use compared to going back and forth on shorter graters.
The handle is easy to hold and it does not slip.This is easy to clean, just don't rub in the wrong direction.
This zester/grater works well but I find anything with moisture sticks to it more than I would like.
The back side is rounded behind the openings and I have to manually scoop out certain foods.
I like it so much, that I will be getting this as B-Day presents for the family members that cook.
No kitchen should be without one of these zester/graters.
There is no better tool for zesting citrus fruits.
And parmesan is grated in a way that transforms the cheese to its optimal state for texture and flavor.
This is the best grater I have ever used.
It grates cheese so well you will never buy that stuff in the canister again.
I don't know if it's dishwasher safe, it's so sharp I'd be afraid to put in in the machine.
But treat it with respect (hand washing) and you'll wonder how you did without it.
What a difference this is to my old zester.
It only takes off what you want and not the pulp underneath.
Now it's a snap to make orange brownies or lemon bars.
I use it mainly for cheeses and my sharp provolone or romano always comes out nice, airy and fluffy.
Easy to handle and a delight to use.
I use this most often on hard cheese such as Parmesan or Cheddar and for zesting lemons, limes, and oranges.
It does a great job of getting at the surface essence without breaking through to the bottom white stuff of the peel.
It also does a marvelous job on grating chocolate.While this cleans up nicely, be careful.
I soak mine in warm soapy water and use a brush to remove debris.
I usually air dry this since it can snag a terry cloth.I've been using this for a few months and it has remained razor sharp.
It really takes the drudgery out of food prep.
Great for zesting, only thing I've used it for but reading other reviews here has given me some ideas.
Grater is sharp, just remember to wipe the underside for what you're grating.
I read that people are using this for cheese?  I don't know if that's one of it's labeled uses.
If you've ever bitten into a lemon cheesecake and found a small, chewy piece of rind, you know why a good zester is so important.
I did try it on cheese once just because I was totally out of shredded cheese and don't own a grater.
It's creates too fine of a product for cheese.
But this is what makes it such a great citrus zester.
My husband actually got me a different brand for Christmas, but I exchanged it for this one since I'd heard such good things about it.
And I actually use it more often than I thought I would.
I only planned to wash it the one time after purchase and then not have to wash the cover any more.
But even on low setting and top rack, it couldn't take the one washing.
It does a great job, however, grating into a fine paste or zest.
I used it to zest a lime and it was as easy as one two three.
I've had this grater for going on 10 years, and mine is still in perfect working condition.
I hope that Microplane hasn't somehow cheapened this item.
I use mine for grating citrus zest, nutmeg, garlic, and hard cheeses, and it produces perfect results every time.
I use this grater four or five times a week, and have been for years, with no deterioration in performance.
This fine grate Zester/Grater is found in restaurant supply stores and in better kitchenware stores.
Microplane graters were originally intended for professional use.
This Zester/Grater is longer and narrower than the short, wide metal framed, metal handled Professional Line and the plastic framed, rubber handled Home line.
This Microplane Classic line has the appearance of a file or wood rasp.
Go for graters of various coarseness in the Classic line.
Believe me, you will need them.The comfortable handle offers a secure grip even with wet hands.
For hard cheeses this gives you a light, fluffy and voluminous result when that is called for.
If you want, or need, more density and less air go with the Medium Microplane grater when that is called for.
For garlic grating and for softer foods also go to the next size up.
I own all the sizes of Microplane graters and am entirely satisfied with them.
No signs of rust with this stainless steel design.
My Zester/Grater is not quite as sharp as new by now, though it does not bother me.
It is good to know that it does not break.
All the restaurant supply stores that equip restaurants and the food service industry stock Microplane graters in various models for line cooks and chefs.
Actually many of my kitchen items I buy at restaurant supply stores...cheaper, better quality, better performing, and much more durable, if not stylish.
And that is where I bought my professional grade Classic Microplane Zester/Grater.
Sorry Amazon.I hope this was helpful to you.
If you have questions, please reply in the Comment section below...I would be glad to help._______________________________________MY BLOGS: thegoodstuffreviews.blogspot.com and thegoodstuffaudioreviews.blogspot.com.
I have wanted one for a long time so when I got some for gifts I got me one too.
Pulled this out, ran a lime down it once, and fell in love.
Works great on Parmesan, ginger, and garlic too.
As other reviewers have mentioned, it creates very fine strips of whatever's being grated.
Wet stuff does tend to stick but a solid tap on the side of the bowl dislodges it.
I am very happy with this gift and wish I would have started using it sooner.
This is a pretty solid zester - microplaner.
Comes with a plastic sheath to store it in so you don't carve yourself up getting it out of the drawer.
a must have for person in the kitchen.
primarily use to grate parmeganno-regianno cheese and use to grate ginger.
This little device had the parmesan ready before the butter was melted and long before the water was boiling.
It's one of the easiest tools I've used, and believe me, I've tried many.
If you're doing &quot;freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano&quot;  you can't beat this!  It's also extraordinary for lemon and lime zest!.
based on no other zester I have ever used.
Just make sure you use a butter knife or something to remove the zest (and not your finger!).
Otherwise you might have a series of minor 'paper cuts'.
This is the best fine grater of its type.
However, if you really enjoy zest it will not be your only grater.
I find it necessary to have two others (a stripper to get long peel and a very coarse grater for larger garnish pieces.
This one is perfect for fine and very fine zest and works very well for nutmeg.
If you love someone who cooks get them this and see their face light up!!.
Love this, wish I had of ordered it in a set though, but nice to have for quick job use.
I couldn't find these locally at the stores.
People seem to be buying them the moment they arrive.Found it at Amazon for a good price & good quality.
Equally fantastic was the grating of a chocolate bar to make a simple ganache.
Within minutes I had just enough finely grated chocolate to serve my purpose.
Again, no shifting of the bar or the tool.The Microplane is simple to use--it looks like a file and behaves like one.
There are curled edges on top that enfold and accumulate the zest as soon as the plane is swept across the surface of the lemon.
A hearty rap and tilting action releases the gross.
I like it so much I am contemplating purchasing the larger Microplane grater to accomplish jobs that require a less fine produce.
Do buy it, you will not be sorry!.
I bought one of these on impulse at the grocery store the other day when I knew I was going to need lime zest.
It's true that you definitely don't want to grate your hand by mistake--be careful!--but it sure makes short work of lime rind.
It cleans up easily, too--the "teeth" are open and the file just rinses right out.
I saw this at my friend's house and after watched her easily zest a lemon I went out and got myself one.
The Microplane is my first zester and I don't have much to compare it to, but so far so good.
It makes zesting a lemon so simple, and creates lots of zest for recipes.
I make lemon bars, lemon pound cake and they taste so much better with the peel zested by this.
It also works well with cheese and fresh ginger root.
The hand held grater is a great choice for what I grate.
The grater is smaller to store than the standard graters and easy to clean.
After using cheap imitations for years, I finally broke down and bought a Microplane brand.
I guess there is a reason why they are just referred to as "Microplanes" on TV, instead of graters.
The Microplane brand gadgets will save a lot of time in the kitchen.
Spend the extra couple of bucks on the real deal.
This is absolutely the best thing for grating garlic and ginger into paste.
It saves me so much time and results in a much finer product than I could ever get with a knife or a different grater.
I was sick of using the cheese grater every time I needed a little bit of grated cheese because it's a pain to clean.
This microplane does a great job and it's easy to clean.
I hand wash it and I have no complaints.
This works well for zesting citrus, creating small cheese shreds, or functions of this sort.
But if you're afraid of scraping your knuckles, then you shouldn't be playing with sharp items to begin with.
Skin an entire orange in 10 seconds!  This is a fabulous tool.
Professional or amateur, this tool will save you time and frustration.
Not only is the Microplane Zester fast, it produces the perfect size zest.
Excellent products, I don't hesitate to recommend this.
I have used one of the box graters for most of my life.
I usually get at least a little skin in the game while prepping my ingredients.
It is very sharp and the chances of nipping a finger are really low.
This is really worth your time and $$.
this microplane is a zester and very good at it.
i've found no other zester that can come close to its zesting abilities.
however, i caution you not to buy it for use as a grater.
get the microplane course grater, it's made for grating.
All other zester we have tried had much to be desired, but this is one of the better ones.
It does all it says it does and then some.
My mom is a big time cook, and she claims this is the best grater she has ever had.
I haven't opened or used this yet as it is a gift for my daughter.
I'm not sure where/when I first got mine, but I've been buying them as gifts for friends/relatives since.
Mine is now several years old, is still sharp and works as well as always.
Get one-you'll wonder why you waited so long!.
Having come into an inheritance of lemons, I decided to get this zester and include lemon zest in my recipes of chicken, etc.
All I can say is, I wonder why I never got this before.
I don't see me using this everyday but it sure is great to know it is in the drawer when I need it.
It does a perfect job on my cheeses.
I don't zest a lot....I don't even have a lot of zest anymore....but I do shred a lot of cheese.
And it makes the most out of a bud of garlic without any fuss too.
What can I say about this great little thing that nobody else has?  This is a FABULOUS product.
One of, if not THE MOST, fabulous I have come across.Truth be told, I don't have much experience with kitchen gadgets.
HOWEVER, this past Mother's Day I made my first ever key lime pie, which, after the fact, I vowed to never do again.
After what seemed like HOURS of trying to grate off 3 tsp.
of key lime zest, my pathetic little pile amounted to a little less than 1 1/2 tsp.
(including the bits of skin and nail that were grated off in the exhaustive process).
I was absolutely GIDDY when I first used this thing.
I LOVE it! It surpassed my expectations and went above and beyond what I ever thought ANY zester could do.
There is NO way anyone could possibly be disappointed with this.
I love this zester and use it weekly to zest oranges for my recipes.
The handle fits very comfortably and the width of the grater face matches cuts on most cheeses.
A very good buy for the money and I suspect a very welcome  gift to most cooks.
Make sure that you have a use for it first.
I haven't tried it on ginger, but it minces garlic in a pinch.
No more washing the cutting board and the knife.
One reviewer complained about the blade becoming dull after grating cheese for a few months.
I would never recommend using this to grate a lot of cheese for a long time! It states grater, but it's primarily a zester.
Other than that, this zester has no faults!.
This is just the best zester, works better than many others.
I'm a first time "zester", and after reading the reviews I decided to buy this product.
I've been cooking more at home for the family and decided to explore the art of stir frying.
Many of the recipes call for lemon zest or orange zest.
I didn't know what "zest" was and had to look up the definition.
Sure enough, I typed up zest in the amazon search field and found this product.
This zester works really well; I'm especially glad that I ordered the one with the handle.
The lemon and orange zest is fine and free of pith.
I use this mostly for my Romano cheese for my spaghetti but also use it for ginger and garlic and it works like a charm.
I make sausage and like to flavor some of it with lime peel, or orange peel.
I resisted buying the microplane grater for quite a while, despite the glowing reviews I was reading everywhere.
I was truly amazed by it.In my opinion, though, it doesn't work well at all for zesting.
If you want to zest citrus, stick with a traditional zester.
No matter how careful I am, it always takes off too much pith.
I found it didn't work well for grating onion, either.
This is not a &quot;one size fits all&quot; item.
needed this tool for a long time and had not gotten around to getting it.
This one works just perfect for all my zesting needs.
Also works well for grating garlic and small spices.
+Inexpensive and effective graterI use it primarily for zesting lemons.
It's very convenient to hold and manage while you are in the midst of cooking.
It only takes off the zest of the lemon and not the white part underneath.
Even my husband can "operate" it and likes to grate the cheese.
I also have the very small grater which I use only for nutmeg and which I like very much.
One of my most dreaded and boring kitchen tasks was extracting the zest from lemons for our family's favorite lemon pound cake.
Where is the creativity in such a dull, time consuming task?Now, thanks to this terrific zester/grater that chore is accomplished quickly and neatly.
I have one of these, and have used it for many years, It is makes zesting and grating easier than ever.
As a serious cook and woodworker, I have Microplanes in the kitchen and in the workshop.
Should have bought one years ago! Buy it! Well constructed, works very well.
It is great for zesting, I really don't think you can get better than this at that task.
But it is also great for grating cheese and nutmeg.
If you don't own one of these, definitly go out and buy one, you won't be sorry.
We bought the whole set of three units.We recommend these.
This grater is easier to use than others I own.
Parmesian come out nice and fluffy so it mixes with pasta very easily.
My go to zester that is so easy to use and easy to clean.
I use my Microplane for zesting lemons and limes and grating hard cheeses, chocolate, and ginger.
It does all these tasks better than any other grater I've used.
If you don't have one, get it now.
used one at a cooking class and loved it.
plastic cover ensures no cuts when pulling the zester from the utensils drawer.
This microplane zester works beautifully, far and away better than my box grater.
The price was right as well as compared with the grocery store.
Love this!  I haven't used it for anything other than grating parmesan cheese, but it works so well and is so easy to use.
I've tried all the fancy graters and the box graters and this simple tool just works better than all of them.
It also works well enough for softer cheese.
I love how fine the cheese turns out.
It is very sharp (I've had one accidental finger nail grate so far, my own fault of course) so do be careful when using.
I love to make orange marmelade and was never looking forward to grating all those oranges.
With this microplane it is no sweat at all.
This was purchased as a gift for my mom, who desperately needed a new zester.
This is very sharp- the cover should absolutely be left on in the drawer to avoid any accidents.
That being said, it works extremely well and maintains its blades nicely.
I always saw these being used on cooking shows.
never knew how much use I would actually find for itA MUST have.
I never thought I'd ever use something like this.
The price was definitely right!  I must say, I don't know how I ever got along without it.
Even the casual cook will find it indispensable!.
I use this to grate limes, lemons, and cheese.
The shavings are small and the fruit shavings really add flavor to smoothies and fruit desserts.
The cheese comes out easily, but it is a little fluffy.
It looks pretty, but it is hard to melt unless you press it down.
It's a good way to limit how much cheese you're eating.
There are larger sizes that will grate cheese into larger shreds.
The blade is made in the USA and it really shows in the quality.
I have always hated using the box grater for citrus rind, and the zester wasn't a lot better.
This little microplane gets just the colored part of the rind, all of it, with very minimal effort.
The grated rind falls off the microplane pretty much of its own volition.
It is a very fine grater and to explain, when I use it on frozen chocolate, I get a powder.
This was what I was looking for because I already have tools that make thin strips.
It is not heavy or awkward for me.
It works exactly as it should and it cleans up easily.
I've used this a few times now for zesting lemons/limes however the best use I've gotten is on hard cheese.
It's also easy to clean which is a bonus :).
I've been using this grater mostly for ginger and it does a fine job.
My only complaint is that it's a little difficult to wash out all of the ginger fibers after use.
I'm looking forward to using this for other grating/zesting tasks.
I've been using my old box grater to zest and grade nutmeg and chocolate.
This is much better and easy to clean.
The Microplane grater was origionally designed as a wood rasp and found its way into the kitchen.
The teeth are sharp, stay that way and don't clog up the way other fine graters do, so it's a snap to clean.
It works  spectacularly with hard cheeses like parmasan, shaving it effortlously into  tiny curls.
Because of this unique shape, the cheese melts almost  instantly on hot pasta.
As  was noted it is a terrific zester and worth the price for that function  alone.
Hard to love a hand kitchen tool, but we do like this one.
Wish we had gotten one sooner as we would not have had as many scraped fingers.
I have been a long time fan of this grater.
I have the whole line but I keep gravitating towards this one for most of my jobs.
Besides being good for hard cheeses like parmesan and pecorino romano it works well for zesting fruit.
This grater will save you alot of time zesting any fruit and make super fine grating of cheese easier.
I have tried alot of zesters and graters.
It is a quality product and grates very fine.
It is bit enough to hold easily and is sharp enough to do parmesan cheese well.
I have had one for many years and just bought one for my son and mother in law.
Happy with purchase.No other brands to compare to.
Picky, also couldn't believe how delicious it tasted.
It was comparable to spinning yarn into gold thread.
putting a block of cheese up to one side &amp; getting fine shreds of Heaven out the other.
As advertised, it's a zester, what kind of review do you want? I would definitely purchase this item again and recommend it to others.
It also does a fantastic job of shredding cheese in to a very light and fluffy shred that will melt very easily into sauces.
I have tried numerous ways to zest an orange that take ridiculously large periods of time until I got this zester.
I can zest 2 oranges in a few minutes.
Just a few brisk cycles on the Microplane, and you have very fine zest.
Of course, you should be cautious and never in a hurry when using ANY sharp instruments in the kitchen.
This micro-plane is absolutely wonderful -- I couldn't be happier with its quality or its results.
Not very much to say, other than that the entire line represents the very best that you can buy.
Very little effort, and perfect results every time.
This is a tool line that has no equal.
It comes with a nice plastic protective sleeve to store it in.
Handy when you have a small amount of Parmesan cheese to grate.
Mind your knuckles though and keep a sturdy box grater on hand for bigger jobs.
Hats off to the guy who brought this in from the carpentry shed.
Not a bulky as the large graters but still can handle the job.
I'm glad I bought it...I use fresh lemon and it's nice to have...it's well made and easy to take care of.
If you're not sure which Microplane grater to buy, start here.
This grater is NOT something you want loose in your drawer.
Microplane graters are one of those things that, once you've used them, you can't imagine you ever cooked without them.
I like to bake, and lemon rind is a common ingredient in cakes, as is orange rind.
I had a series of small graters that would barely do the job.
In a few light strokes, you can have lemon or orange zest and remove most of the colored part of the rind in short order.
This is one of those simple tools that really does the job.
It is very sharp, so you'd want to supervise young chefs when using it; the micro-blades are razor sharp.
Some reviewers don't like this grater for cheddars, for example.
Too funny.Seriously, though, get one of these graters.
It may not be the grater you use for everything, but I'll bet it turns out being the grater you use most.
The blades are very sharp you need to be careful and not rub it on your skin accidentally.
Great that it is dishwasher save because these can be hard to clean by hand because they tend to trap food particles in the grates.
The Microplane simply zips across the rinds of oranges, lemons, limes, etc.
As a plus, I now have a zester.
This greater is easy to use and wash and it does it's work just perfect.
One of the best and most useful kitchen devices.
I first used this at my father's house.
It was so amazing that I can't imagine having to go back to zesting the old way again.
The result is finely grated anything, zest, cheese, nutmeg.
I got mine at Bed Bath and Beyond  but have since bought one for my mom and sister.
I don't see how I ever lived without it!  It comes in handy for so many many jobs in the kitchen.
I love this grater!  It is probably the best one I've ever owned.
It is so easy to use, it doesn't require all the trouble that most other graters do.
You can lightly scrape the cheese and it gives you nice even flakes.
Sharp, durable, and has a nice sheath for storage.
So far I've only used it on cheese but will plan on using it for zesting in the future.
My son who is much more of cook than I am loves it.
I assume it is good than because he is a very demanding and exact guy.
Used my grater first time this week, and it grated the lemon rind quickly and with so little effort.
I am so glad I purchased this zester/grater.
I loved it so much I bought my mother-in-law one.
I chose this grater because it is the iconic high end grater (at least to me).
It is useful for any sort of zesting and fine grating since it gets the zest without getting the rind.
I'd recommend this to everyone who even might want to zest anything or grate finely.
oh how i love my microplane 40020 classic zester/grater, it works great on zesting oranges, thank you very much! love it.
I have these in a couple of sizes and love the ease of use and clean up.
I gave up my box grater that took up so much room and developed rust in areas.
This was on my wish list for very long time.
It has performed way beyond my thoughts of how well it would work.
On the other hand, this unit has a narrower width for grating things (like nutmeg nuts).
It cleans fairly easily with a nylon brush, but always keep your fingers away from the teeth unless you want some abrasions (and maybe blood).
very good quality, easy to use, easy to clean.
I grated ginger with this and it made my life soooo much easier.
Sharp but construction of the blades may wear or bend in time perhaps.
This microplane is wonderful!  I use it for grating lemon zest, lime zest, cheese, nutmeg, etc.
It is so easy to use, stays sharp for years, and is very simple to clean.
Works fabulously for all types of citrus zests, grating fresh spices, and I've even used for (very small) chocolate shavings for Tiramisu.
Be careful and pay attention to where your hands are while zesting, like yoiu should with anything sharp.
I've filed the occasional nail and knuckle.**UPDATE 12/9/11** It also makes short work of hard cheeses like Parmesean.
I bought this for my feet LOL! I use to use the Ped-egg which is also a microplane, but they wear out to fast.
this works way better, is cheaper and lasts longer.
I grate my bubblehash with this to seperate the heads more and make it dabbable.
Use it only for this purpose and it will treat you well! Shipped fast!.
Easy to use and it's also easy to clean; nice, small pieces of zest without biting into the bitter pith of citrus.
Good quality, sturdy, extra sharp, great for making zest or grating garlic.
Dishwasher safe, don't recommend washing it with hands, because you can easily cut yourself.
Could have a plastic tip at the end so you could rest it on some surface while grating.
Even though I don't use much zest in my recipes, I decided to bite the bullet and buy one anyway.
We grate cheese with it, zest lemons and limes, even use it on whole nutmeg.
Just what I wanted, this thing is about 10&#34; long on the grating surface, about 12.5&#34; total with the handle length.
Very fine holes, perfect for nutmeg, cheese, zest, etc.
This Microplane has to be one of the best gadgets I've ever added to my kitchen drawer.
It's incredibly sharp and takes very little pressure, even with hard cheese, to get perfect results.
I'm including one with my nephew's wedding gift to get the newlyweds off to a good culinary start.
Get one for yourself - you'll be glad you did.
Six month update:  I've given away 12 of these graters, and all 12 recipients are delighted.
No throwing these in a drawer and forgetting about them.
Infact,  I just had a request from a friend to order 1 for herself and 2 for  her friends.
Parmesan cheese, zesting of citrus rinds, any grating need satisfied.
It is really fine though, so if you want a larger grate go for one with larger slots.
Don't have one bad thing to say about it.
Bought it for a great price and does exactly what I need it to do.
I've had it for more than 2 years now and it has not shown any signs of rust after washing.
Life changing.And let's not forget the Parmesan.Only wish I had bought this sooner!  Quality tool that has made my life so much easier.
I love this zester, a friend has this one so I had to get my own.
Easy to clean and comes with a cover.
This thing is sharp, and I notice that the prongs stick out more, so I have to be a little more forceful when zesting.
Perhaps in time the prongs will get worn and settle down.
I notice they always use micorplaners on The Chew tv show and decided I must need one.
It is so much better for grating parmesan than what i was using before.
It does however turn the parm into a light, rather fluffy substance.
Can't believe I waited so long to buy.
Finally, after all these years, I have a zester/grater!  I am very pleased with the quality so far.
This is great for anything that needs to be finely grated or zested.For zesting it's a champ.
Turn bricks of chocolate into chocolate shavings small enough to dissolve for hot chocolate.
Really you can't go wrong buying this microplane.
I love, love, love this zester! I've had mine for 4.5 years and use it at least 3 times a week.
It's perfect for citrus zest for baking and Parmesan cheese for cooking.
It is of wonderful quality and has held up beautifully.
I bought this one (at a great price) as a gift for my Mom and she loves it too.
I don't think it would be going too far to say this is among my most beloved kitchen tools.
I have a few different graters that I use on various cheeses or fruits & vegetables.
I always disliked grating Parmesan cheese, because it was hard and took a long time.
My wrist would be sore by the time I finished 1 cup.
The first time I took this out of the sleeve to use it, I was amazed.
I had grated 2 cups in a fraction of the time it took me before.
I wish I had purchased this sooner!  It would've saved me many years of trouble.
This is the best grater I have ever used, and I have been through quite a few.
The slick surface prevents any residue from sticking.
Another reviewer mentions that the grater dulls over time and may have to be replaced.
I just hope I am able to find as good a replacement!.
I got this quite a while ago but hadn't used it much until this Christmas.
I had to zest a ton of lemons.
Oh my goodness!! It worked so much better than I could've hoped.
SO fast!! So now I've been using it to grate fresh frozen ginger root and garlic.
Totally going to order one for my sister now!.
you get a great amount of zest using this product...like it much better than the holed variety...easy clean up after use also.
This zester is perfect! It takes absolutely no effort to strip the flavorful and colorful rind of citrus for marinades and garnishes.
You can easily avoid getting any of the bitter pith in your recipes.
Also comes with a sheath so it doesn't cut you or get banged up in the kitchen drawer.
The tool takes only the zest, and leaves the bitter white part of the citrus rind untouched.
It took me less than two minutes to go over a large lemon.
This great little tool migrated to the kitchen from theworkshop.
It was originally a rasp to be used in carvingand forming wood.
Beautifully sharp little blades cutquickly and left a fairly smooth finish.
You can also use itto reduce a clove of garlic or a carrot to puree.
Think ofit as a convenient hand-held food processor.However.
(you knew there had to be a 'however', didn't you?)Because this was a woodworker's tool, the cutting teethweren't designed to be cleaned easily.
Cabinet makers don'tworry if the black walnut dust gets into the pine.
It's best  to hangthis tool on a rack and keep it out of the drawer.
It makes the garlic super fine so you'll get the garlic taste without the harsh spiciness.
It's easy to clean if you wash it right away.
Zests a lemon in seconds and it Works great for garlic and ginger as well.
My wife and I desperately needed a smaller zester/grater for things like parmesan, peels, and ginger.
Since purchasing this item I have used it about 10 times.
Works great but sometimes food will get stuck on the underside walls and can be a pain to get out.
I won't let that take away from its 5 stars though!.
No more scraped fingers!  I recommend both the product and the merchant.
Makes a little cheese go a long way and look like more which is good if you are watching calories and/or money.
Who doesn't like a microplane? you'd have to be insane.
This is another of those items that I will give as a hostess gift or housewarming gift.
It changes your life if you've never used one before.
I use to use a hand zester to zest fruit for cooking.
I was sick of using it and bought this microplane.
I don't know why I haven't bought one of these years ago.
I use it all the time for fruit, cheese, garlic, etc.
If you take care of it then it should last a very long time.Great item and great price.
I'm a cook who knows how to make do.
seriously, this tool and a couple of lemons or limes can transform a mediocre recipe into a gourmet dish.
Every once in awhile, I get something and wonder "how did I live without this?".
The first one (this model) was a gift.
I've had it for probably 2-3 years now and use it all the time.
Lots and lots of finely grated cheeses though.
I picked up a set of Kitchenaid graters at Costco just because I wanted a Microplane style grater.
So I finally got the real deal (Microplane brand).
Not only is it easier to use, but the texture is better and it really does make a difference in the taste.
I love this zester!  It also doubles as a grater for parmesan/asagio type cheeses for soups and salads, which can be a really nice touch.
This is not quite as dangerous as a mandoline, but my mandoline came with a guard!.
I had some graters, but nothing this fine.
I like this for zesting and grating cheese.
I bought this grater on the recommendation of Cook's Illustrated magazine.
I must say that this is truly a great product for your grating and zesting needs.
I love the way it makes mounds of wafer thin parmesan cheese curls that melt into warm pasta.
It grates effortlessly and produces a very fine zest when used with citrus.
It makes the perfect lemon zest for my New York Cheesecake recipe.
This is one sharp tool with dozens of razor sharp cutters.
It might very well be prudent to wear cut-proof gloves just for safety's sake.
Otherwise, it's a wonderful tool for cooks.Highly recommended!.
This zester grater was highly recommended by Cooks Illustrated and it lives up to it's recommendation.
I first used this while working in a commercial kitchen, and have never looked back.
Not only do I have one at home, I have bought this as a gift as well.
It gives the perfect sharp &#34;pull&#34; across citrus that takes off the tasty colored part of the peel without the white, bitter pith.
I was hesitant about buying this zester, I wanted to get the Oxo zester where you peel the zest.
I seem to be reaching for this all the time.
Planning on getting it as a gift for others.
I bought this Zester/Grater to zest lemons and oranges.
Very sharp, but OK because it comes with a plastic protector.
I use this mainly to get lemon zest and it does a great job.
Use it with respect because it will grate you as efficiently as it does lemon zest.
Fortunately it comes with a plastic guard to cover the sharp parts when it's not in use.
I bought this as a shower gift for my son when he moved out.
He specifically requested it since we use ours so much here at home.
I used this grater today for the first time to grate chocolate after my regular box grater wasn't "cutting it".
It does grate things super fine so hang on to your box grater (or other grater versions made by this company) for grating larger pieces.
I was using it to grate chocolate for ben & jerry's cherry garcia ice-cream and this did the trick.
Oh, and it's lightweight, easy to hold, and really looks like a quality product.
I purchased this Microplane months ago and basically forgot it was in my drawer until a few days ago.
This makes zesting and grating anything SO much easier.
The microplane is made of quality materials, is easy to use, easy to clean, and it doesn't take much effort to use it.
It is very sharp so I keep the cover over it because I don't want to cut myself reaching for it in my drawer.
This is an inexpensive tool to have in the kitchen and it has so many uses.
I would definitely recommend this product, hands down.
just what i needed for all my baking needs.
This is a zester, not a cheese grater.
As a zester, it is the best I have ever used.
I am very pleased! Highly highly highly recommend.
FINALLY a great solution for grating citrus rinds, nutmeg and other stuff.
if you're not careful you can removed some skin from your thumb - so BE careful.
I needed a grater for the holidays so after sifting through reviews I picked this Microplane model.
I keep it in the knife drawer with the plastic protector sleeve.
Overall good value and a product I can use for a very long time.
A little hassle in getting zest off the grater and cleaning it but what do you do.
I've wanted a microplane zester for years, & this one did not disappoint.
I have bought zesters before but this one is the one I should have gotten first.
I would have saved myself so much irritation.
Goth this for culinary school and it blows the other graters away.
Does fruit, vegetables, cheeses and dried spices like nutmeg with no problems.
Now that school is done i use it in my kitchen almost every time I cook or bake.
This kitchen tool makes you into a master chef.
I've been trotting out all sorts of recipes calling for grated something.
Sweet potato and coconut soup -- zest of 2 limes.
Crispy orange cookies -- zest of 2 oranges.
Making my own caesar salad dressing these days -- zest of 1 lemon and piles of grated parmesan.
I'm looking for a good nutmeg recipe! Between this and my mandolin slicer, I'm in business.
Don't lose the plastic sleeve that protects the grater.
The tool is sharp and you won't want to grate your hand reaching into the drawer for it.
I never seem to use all of the length.
There is no replacement for this kitchen tool.
From zesting citrus to grating parm to grating fresh ginger, there is just no substitute.
No regular grater can get those perfect little confetti-sized micro-shavings.
I have two so I never to go without when one is dirty and I probably use them at least 5 days a week.
If you cook you need one of these.
If your items aren't coming out the other side, just tap it on the edge of your bowl and it falls right out.
A great tool is something that simplifies even the most mundane of tasks.
I love it when something works well!I use it for parmesean and it makes the cheese so light that it looks like angel fluff.
It's the only way I know to zest fruits -- when you're done, just dump the zest into the recipe.
I've also used this for chocolate and nutmeg.
I toss mine into the dishwasher for easy clean up.
Expertly designed, it is sharp, precise, grates very finely, easy to grasp and use, and is not hard to clean.
Having used this now for three years, this is the best grater I have ever had the joy of using.
This tool is not to be messed about with, since it will take of layers of skin and fingernails with no question.
Slow, and accurate, and it will never fail you.
For cleanup you can just throw it in the dishwasher and it's good to go.
Don't lose that cover though, since it is essential for storage.
No complaints there.However the handle is too fat to be comfy! I do not have small hands, but it is an awkward fit.
Next time I'll buy in store, so I can get the feel of it!.
I had a small hand held zoster but decided I needed a larger one to speed things up.
I have graters and mandolins for grating, but nothing, including a grater that is supposted to be used for zesting, really work for zesting.
This grater is not only wicked sharp, it comes with a stury cover for when it's not in use!.
This Zester was a gift for my granddaughter but I have one just like it and love it.
This keeps all the zest inside the grater until you are ready to empty.
Amazon Prime lets me order little things like this at no shipping to add to my granddaughter's new interest in cooking.
This is my favorite of the 4 graters that I purchased.
It works so well and is easy to clean to boot.
I bought another breand name for $4.00 less.
I ordered this Microplane and I am not sorry.
This is one of the highest rated items on Amazon.
You can super easy make essence of orange peel.
Great inexpensive gift for the chefs in your family.
I like this but the curved shape is a bit harder to clean the corners of than the flat kind.
It seems to be made better than the flat kind.
This is a marvelous tool for zesting or grating just about any food.
It is easy to clean up and should last many years.
Great item!  Just like I see on TV.
This is the best zester ever!  Now I use the zest on anything that requires lemon or orange juice in the recipe.
I recently made orange scones that are super orangey thanks to this zester!  It's money well-spent!.
I found it much better for hard cheese and zests than those big graters with multiple hole patterns.
This is just one of those kitchen items everyone should own.
It works great as a cheese grater or a lemon zester.
It does a great job of grating up a decent quantities of hard cheeses into nice fluffy strands.
Unlike box graters, I'm able to get just the zest off limes and lemons without getting the rind as well.
Suffice to say I find myself using this tool a lot.
I have accidentally grated my knuckles more times than I'd prefer to admit.
I use the microplane grater/zester every day, in many ways.
Using the microplane I grate some parmaegianno on top- yum, yum, yum- and low fat.
Zest lemons, oranges and limes- easily said and easily done.
Do not zest or grate your knuckles which in some cases can be easy to do-bend your hand so that your knuckles do not display.
If you know anything about making Limoncello, then you know that you absolutely can not have any pith in your zest.
The Microplane 40020 Classic Zester/Grater works flawlessly!  Easy to use, easy to clean.
My husband and I love, LOVE this little zester! It works wonderfully on citrus as well as nutmeg, chocolate, cinnamon, and hard cheese.
Everything seems fluffy, if that's really a good word to use.
The grater is super-sharp and works with precision; the peel practically flakes off with little pressure.
I have small hands but the handle is very comfortable and the zester overall feels sturdy.
I haven't tried this on cheese yet but I don't anticipate a problem.
The zester comes with a thick plastic blade shield so it can go into a utinsel drawer with no worries of damage or accidental scrapeage.
After seeing this grater being used on all the cooking shows, I had to get one.
It immediately became one of my "top shelf" kitchen gadgets.
Also fantastic for using freshly grated nutmeg and cinnamon in baked goods.
there's nothing better for zesting citrus, or grating ginger into oblivion.
mine has stayed sharp for quite a few years under fairly heavy use, too.
I love to zest lemons with this thing.
It zests the up so quickly and with feathery little strips.
I own a few graters which have worked okay over the years, but this one is my new standard.
Its razor-sharp blades turn a block of the hardest parmesan into a mound of wispy shreds in seconds.
This Microplane makes quick and easy work of zesting citrus.
It skims the zest just far enough to get all the goodness, while leaving the bitter pith behind.
I should have bought one of these years ago.
I'd heard about them, but being a casual cook, I didn't think I needed one.
And fresh lemon, lime, or orange zest adds so much to recipes.
Dried is just not the same.Keep the plastic cover it comes with.
It's useful to protect the grater in a drawer.
If you're having trouble getting it back on, just squeeze the cover slightly, and the grater slides right in.
I bought this to replace one I had plumb wore out.
I use it mostly for zesting lemons now, or grating nutmeg, but it will also do clouds of parmesan if you're feeling patient.
With the microplane grater you will always have perfect, fast fresh romano cheese.
Just grate as needed (easily!) and toss in dishwasher.
No hassle clean up.You will never run from a recipe requiring &quot;zest of lemon&quot; again.A must have kitchen tool.
I can't imagine zesting or grating without this zester.
It makes it so easy and clean up is a snap or a rinse.
It does a beautiful job at grating cheese, and ginger.
Only things I've used it on, but it has worked beautifully.
Cheese is very fluffy, and ginger doesn't have the strings.
I bought this as a 'stocking stuffer' for Mothers' Day (don't gasp, I got  more personal, non-domestic stuff too).
Little did I realize it would be a  big hit.
It's solid, well-designed and nicely balanced and fits comfortably  in either hand.
Since I don't like any of the bottled Alfredo sauces, I decided to make my own.
One thing I realized very quickly was that even the finest hole grater we had didn't grate the fresh Parmesan finely enough.
I have to say, that for any job you need the right tool.
We use a big hole grater for cabbage, for slaw.
We use a medium to fine hole grater for softer cheeses like cheddar.
For a cheese like Velveeta, for pimento cheese, I use the grater attachment on my food processor.DON'T try grating something soft with this tool.
It's a tool specifically made for hard cheeses and spices, and citrus fruit zest.
If you don't ask it to do something it was never intended to do, you'll be very pleased.
Reasonably priced, arrived on time and in one piece.
I have had no problems with this device.
Good addition to any kitchen - and a Great buy as well.
This is a great zester/grater for the price.
The dishwasher does not do a very good job.
This one replaced a similar microplane zester that's over 10 years old.
It wasn't zesting as well as it used to, so I got this new one.
Works great! Love it for zesting orange, lemon or lime zest.
Works in many cases and is very sharp.
I would like to buy another one for my holiday home in Oregon.
It zests very well and continues to effectively do the job without often clearing the back of the plane (it doesn't plug).
I am more than happy with this product.
The price for the product is fantastic because I have been avoiding buying one because of their high price.
Excellent for zesting and grating food and spices in the kitchen.
Grates very well, sturdy and gives you nice fine grates.
My mother loves it and so do I.
This one stays next to me in my sushi bar! Quality Zester that does the job and should last a long long time!.
This is my second one in 10 years.
This zester/grater works really well for zesting lemons or oranges.
It also does quick work of grating cheese.
I love this product and I use it often.
It is easy to clean under running hot water.
I use it for citrus zest, of course, but also to grate (juice) small amounts of fresh ginger for morning water or tea.
I've owned it for several years now and it is still sharp.
The plastic sheath for the grater helps keep it clean and safe.
I have read many reviews on zesters and they all rate this one as the best.
I did not realize just how good a zester can be until I used this one.
Great cover included for the grating surface to prevent damage to other items or to one's self.
This little beauty is the best of the zest.
I bought this for zesting lemons, grating ginger, or any other small item that needs to be grated.
I keep ginger in the freezer and whenever I need some, I just grate it right from the freezer.
I have had it for a couple of years and use it quite often and it is still very sharp.
Have 3 Microplane &#34;tools&#34; and this model gets the most use.Really handy for quick jobs and rinse off when finished.
I recently had the pleasure of introducing a friend to the Microplane line when she bought this grater on my recommendation.
So one more cook joins the 21st Century.The serrations on this model continue around the sides, which is useful for unusual grating jobs.
Think of any positive adjective that could possibly be applied to a grater: it applies to this one.
There is simply nothing left to be said.
The handle is solid well attached and has the heft of a quality tool.
It delivers a very fine zest action that is closer to grating.
You will not have thin strips of zest.
When used with citrus it collects on the back of the plane which I like.
SAVE THE COVER that comes with the product for storage reasons.
So easy to use to zest all kinds of things.
Does a nice job, and keeps the zest a uniform size.
There are a million microplanes, from zester to course to ribbon, to spice, on and on.
But besides the size of the grater itself is the handle.
But if you plan on getting anything bigger than the spices/zesters I would go with the other style, the wider one.
I like the other model because it has a little guard to let it rest on the bowl you are using without slipping and sliding.
I personally like the professional model, all stainless steal, but the one lower is nice too.
All come with a plastic guard to help protect the blades which is nice.
Microplanes are the best graters out there and I highly recommend it.
There is a microplane box grater if you want lots of them, but I'm just not much of a fan of the box graters.
Just pay attention when you grating anything so you do not cut yourself.
I grated my knuckle on a box grater once and it was pretty bad.
A little costly, but totally worth it! I've gotten one for everyone I know who bakes.
It is an absolute necessity if you like to make lemon cakes with icing that requires zest or add ginger to your stirfries.
It's simply the best zester ever and you will wonder how you went on in life without it!.
I love this zester!  It's easy to use & clean.
I read a review on graters and this one was rated the best.
I decided to take a chance and buy one.
I was thrilled,  it's the best grater I've ever used for hard and semi-hard cheese, plus as  a zester it can't be beat.
As if that wasn't enough it's easy to clean too.
Had second thoughts about ordering  this &iacute;tem because i found  it expensive.It was worth the price i paid.
Grating size is perfect for the chocolate on top of my Irish coffee.
This is a gem of a product--designed to do one thing simply and easily.
Zest comes off in piles, nice and neat, with no bitter pith to contend with.
It's a superb tool, and one that NO serious cook should be without!.
This is a great product;  the blades are sharp and does a fantastic job on parmesan.
I was using a box grater to grate hard cheeses for Italian meals.
This works better and cleanup is much easier.
It's easy to use and easy to clean.
Just tap on the side of the bowl and the ginger falls out.
Plastic cover is great too - easy on/off and I don't have to worry about it getting dull.
My daughter bought this from my wish list and it's everything I hoped it would be.
I've used it to grate nutmeg and it does a superb job.
Squeeze the end of the plastic cover to put it back on.
It grates the softest Parmigiano Reggiano - like snow flakes.
Works "grate" (sorry - I couldn't resist!) as a lemon and lime zester as well.
Nice, sharp, throw in DW or hand wash.
Either way, if you rinse right away, cleanup is a snap.
Keep the plastic sheath to store to save on shredded fingertips! Both my husband and I LOVE this tool.
We never knew how awesome zest was before this, and it makes the work a breeze.
After my first time using this, I wondered how I'd lived without one for so long.
No wonder it's so highly rated!  It's sharp and fast.
It's wonderful for hard cheeses, and also excels at zesting, something I was never able to accomplish until I owned this tool.
I would probably throw out 99% of the gadgets in my drawer before I'd get rid of this.
I thought it might be difficult to clean, but it's not.
I just rinsed it under warm water and threw it in the dishwasher; it came out completely clean with no cheese residue to be found.
I was able to reduce the amount of stuff in my kitchen gadget drawer.
It also worked well on onions and shallots (altho better on less *juicy* varieties).
Using this for onions and shallots was great for making salad dressings so no one got a chunk of onion in their dressing.
It was wonderful for shaving hard cheese on pasta and you could use less, which is great for dieting.
So far so good, I do not have a dishwasher and sometimes I soak the blade a bit to remove food/garlic.
Solidly constructed, comfortable to hold, sharp but not so sharp I've cut myself when a finger hits the grating surface.
I purchased this after reading a review from Americas Test Kitchen.
I've used it so far for zesting lemons and grating Parmesan cheese.
Taking hints from other reviewers I have made sure I keep my fingers out of the way of the tiny blades.
They are indeed sharp! I've had no mishaps yet.
It makes quick and fun work out of an otherwise mundane task when using my old zester.
Firstly, I forgot where I put my other grater and feared I'd accidentally gifted it to someone after a dinner party.
Secondly, I absolutely needed to drop some finely grated Parmesan onto a plate of spaghetti with a particularly tasty meat sauce.
It seems I'd found myself in an unannounced and unspoken meat sauce competition.
This little gizmo helped me raise the bar.
I'm still waiting to see who out does me and how.Yes, it works for other stuff like lemon/orange/whatever zest too.
This microplane was purchased in 2003 and still supremely sharp.
She's become quite an excellent cook and great tools make cooking easier and make the cook happy.
It's a good size, it grates perfectly, it's easy to store and the large plastic handle is sturdy and easy to grip.
I can't think of anything negative about it and I use it all the time.Great product!.
Does the job that it says that it does.
It's very easy to stand up and to grate/zest your lemons with ease.
Took me about three minutes to grate all the rind off a very large lemon.
I came into this thinking I was picking up the perfect one trick pony.
The blade is long which makes zesting and grating quicker.
The sides fold around which makes the grater very sturdy.
It also allows you the option to grate on either the large side or one of the small sides since all the sides have teeth.
This is helpful if you're trying to get the last bits of zest off a lemon and are trying to avoid zesting the pith.
The handle of the unit is a rather industrial looking black plastic, but its ergonomic and easy to clean.
The blade is relatively easy to clean as well.
I don't know how I've gone so long without one of these in my kitchen and already can't imagine the kitchen without one.
These things are so easy to use and clean.
blades are sharp and storage sleeve works well.
Well I certainly have to give this little zester top ratings all the way around.
Just a tip:  just because someone is an MBA, dose not mean they can function in the real world.
The handle is perfectly molded and fits my hand perfectly.
I use mine for lemon, oranges and hard cheeses that need grating.
First, never every put it in the dishwasher.
I use a heavy stream of very hot water and rinse, rinse, rinse.
The hot water helps in the drying process.
Never put this thing away wet or damp...you are just asking for trouble.
I was using a cheese grater before as a zester but this makes the job so much easier.
I'm a no clutter kind of guy in the kitchen.
If I don't use something, it ends up gone.
but a microplane grater will NEVER be absent from my kitchen again.These graters are a billion times better than any other brand.
They use a special manufacturing process that etches the holes in the blade rather than punching them, which leads to a stronger, sharper edge.
The result? This thing will breeze through difficult to grate items with almost no effort.
I use mine mostly for parmigiana cheese and whole nutmeg, but I have also found it incredibly useful for grating those fibrous ginger roots.
It's perfect for zesting and makes short work of it when you have a lot of zesting to do.
I don't recommend using it for ginger though.
This grater is sturdy and works extremely well.
This is to be expected of Microplane as I have another grater from them as well.
This is a high quality product and it stands up to anything I throw at it including cinnamon sticks.
Cinnamon is a very hard spice, so it's not really a fault of the grater, but just know that it has that limitation.
It's the finest grater I could find on Amazon though, so it's not like there's anything here that can do it.
We ordered this as a gift for a friend who is a hobby-chef.
He loves it so I might order one for myself.
It works well and it seems really sharp.
I've had it for several years and it is as good as new.
Though a coffee  mill may seem an east way to grind these often you need a more controlled  grate as opposed to pulverizing the spices.
The handle is also excellent and easy to grip which is important as  this is certainly small work.
In the end just throw it in your dishwasher  and the work is done simply and easily!.
I hesitated for a long time before I bought one of these.
It makes grating hard cheeses (i.e., parmesan) and spices (i.e., nutmeg) so much easier it's truly amazing.
I love this thing and find more uses for it all the time.
A quick rinse under running water is all it needs for most cleanup.
And, it's much harder to grate your own fingers with this than the old box-grater.
I don't need over a foot of microplane.
This one is about 6 inches long, works great and doesn't take up too much space in the drawer.
it is useful for citrus, ginger, garlic, etc.
This microplane makes quick work of lemon zest and nutmeg, which is what I use it for most often.
I will purchase again when this one dulls.
I use same type of tool for woodworking.
Easily grates whole nutmeg to a nice consistency.
No doubts about it...this is by far and away the absolute best gadget for grating spices.
I use it almost daily as I love nutmeg in both sweet and savory dishes.
I was using a grater and just a serrated knife but that was just not working for me.
This is a handy tool for getting the most zest for your money and making a tricky chore much easier.
However, don't get over-confident and think you can use this for cinnamon.
I would also recommend using a larger model for ginger, if you have one.Easy clean up, I just toss mine in the dishwasher.
I thought this may produce a finer grade however it does the same grade as a normal Microplane zester.
It grates nutmeg, ginger, cinnamon and other hard spices with ease, and without the risk of scraping your knuckles either.
It's dishwasher safe and small enough to not take up valuable kitchen space.
The drawback to this gadget for me is the fact that its usefulness is limited.
In my opinion, it's much too small to grate cheeses, citrus zests, chocolate etc, so I have a separate microplane to tackle those jobs.
Nonetheless, it's a welcome addition to my kitchen and I'm sure it would be to yours.
I have the larger microplanes but his one comes in handy for nutmeg etc.
I keep it on the rack with my spices so ready to use where the other larger ones hang in the pantry.
Unlike other graters, when I tap this one, all the grated ginger falls right out.
Finally, a grater that really can be used to grate hard spices such as nutmeg.
This pepermill works well with the peppercorns reliably coming out on all the foods that I need pepper on.
It is a real handful to hold this peppermill.
I use a lot of pepper when I cook.
All other models required me to fill the piece up constantly.This thing is huge, like you'd see in restaurants, and worth it.
I don't spend all my time refilling it, and I have great control as it mills very fast.Excellent control over the coarseness as well.
I am still looking for  the &#34; best&#34; smaller pepper mill.
This one is quite tall so consider where it will be stored.
I would recommend it if size isn't an issue.
Nice grinder that work quite well, I am surprised at how little it hold, for the size.
I am not sure of how long it will last, but I like it.
I would recommend to anyone looking for a grinder.
There are some that eat to live, others that live to eat.
This adds a bit of class to the latter.
I got this pepper mill mainly because I wanted a crazy big pepper mill of high quality.
I hit a home run with this one.
I had some cheap wal-mart pepper mill and frankly I thought they all worked like that one (like crap).
Gives you very fine grind all the way to nice coarse pepper.
Tall and looks good sitting on the counter.
Color looks nice too, matches my barstool chairs.
It is easy to turn, the grinding mechanism is smooth and the pepper comes out ground how our family likes it.
I wanted a peppermill so I could grind fresh pepper, so I bought this because of the size and the wood look of it.
It's really beautiful and simple to fill and grind peppers.
It looked very professional, the wood had a nice finish, it was a pretty golden brown color and it worked great.
I was afraid I was going to have to invent this myself.
This allows me to do that right in the can under the faucet.
No more will I be holding my hand over the opening as I do this.
Invariably some beans would always escape and make their way down the drain.
Works well to drain the liquid from tuna.
You can squeeze it quite dry with this.
We have used it all summer and it hasn't broken, become stained, or held fishy odors.
You can press it down into a can of tuna to drain out the water (opening facing up).
Also fit it over cans of veg and turn the can upside down - drain the can without losing any veg.
Flip it the other direction (opening down) and you can drain things the size of Dole fruit cups.
The tuna press is a nifty gadget that's easy to use, and easy to clean.
No more cutting your fingers on razor-sharp can edges, or pushing a dirty lid down into your tuna.
I bought this tuna press from Amazon two years ago, and it's still one of my favorite kitchen items.
If you cook with chayotes, this is also an ideal way to seperate its skin after boiling.
Great kitchen investment for only the cost of a Double Whopper.
Bought a can drainer at the food store last week and tossed it out after the first use.
Press down and the water or oil rises up through the holes on the top and side.
Hang onto the can and the colander, flip it over, and drain off the water or oil.
I used it this afternoon and it's a keeper.
Here's a handy little gadget that I found at a nearby grocery market.
It works with small  cans up to those the size of standard tuna-fish cans.
You just open the can, put this small colander across the top, and drain the liquid off.
They ought to make a larger size for the larger cans.
Maybe they already do, but you can jut use a regular large colander in most of those cases.
This mini-colander is real handy with small cans and bottles.
I see by the reviews that the majority of people seem to use it in draining tuna fish.
Good idea, but it will work with any small items in a can or jar that has a lot of disposable liquid.
It's not only very handy, but it cleans up real easily.
It's one of those little devices that leave you wondering how you ever did without it.Gary Peterson.
I had one of these for years and it &#34;disappeared&#34;.
Tuna/canned chicken tastes so much better after using this to drain all the water out.
Dishwasher safe and if you don't &#34;misplace&#34; it will last a long time.
My mom had a similar item for draining tuna can juices.
It works at draining the tuna juice off the tuna while in the can and you keep tuna juice off your hands.
Of course there must be other purposes, but this is why I use it.
Well worth the cost of draining correctly and fully, or walking around with "tuna-pants" the rest of the afternoon after a lunch time catastrophe!.
This strainer works like a charm to press liquid from canned tuna.
The strainer can be turned over to drain smaller cans, but I haven't tried it yet.
Previously I had used awire-mesh strainer, dumping the beans into that and then running water over it.
It's funny how no one seems to have heard of a can colander, but once I buy them one, they cannot imagine not having one.
It's great for draining tuna without fear of cutting your hands on sharp lids, ditto olives, canned fruit, etc.
For so many years our family owned these and they were metallic.
I think it would be much better if this were made from stainless steel or heavy duty aluminum.
My husband likes to take tuna salad sandwiches for his packed lunch.
Now I throw that lid away, and use this little colander to press against the tuna in the can.
Hubby says he hasn't had a soupy sandwich since I've made the switch, so we'll be hanging on to it.
Wish I'd known about these do-dads years ago!.
I have looked at a number of tuna press/ can colander or strainers.
I chose this one as it looks to be the most sturdy for the price.
The "handles" are very sturdy and it does the job very well.
I eat tuna frequently and this has saved me the pain of the ole' "tuna squeeze" using the can lid.
If you buy this, I can't imagine you will be disappointed.
This product takes some of the frustration out of doing just that.
Be warned that for tuna it works best with "chunk" type.
To be fair it is impossible to drain these cans with ANY method I have at my disposal!.
This is really strong plastic and a good design.
I had another that was flimsy and the handles were not as sturdy - it cracked and sent sharp plastic into my finger.
I have had this one for over a year and see no signs of it becoming weak or cracking.
I often forget to use this kitchen gadget, but it is handy to use for draining cans.
The plastic is fairly sturdy and it doesn't take up much space in my drawer.
I love this little thing-it is very helpful in draining canned salmon and tuna.
Try this line of shop-tools-turned-kitchen-utensils, and you'll never go back to el-cheapo graters again.
This version does a grate (sorry, had to...) job with larger, firm or soft cheeses, potatoes, etc.
The fine version creates the lightest, fluffiest cheese &quot;snowflakes&quot; for pasta.
Absolutely highest recommendation.CAUTION: these are really sharp, so clean with care, or put in the dishwasher.
This is my second one as the plastic finally gave out on first one; which I had used every day for years.
I bought this due to raves in the customer column and was not disappointed.
I am buying another because the first one took up residence at my sister's house and won't come home.
For any hard cheeses - parmesan, romano, etc and ginger it is so fast to use, easy to clean.
Cheese grates into light fluffy piles, guests love it on salads, and atop winter soups and stews.
This microplaner is still sharp after two years of use on hard chocolate, oranges, lemons, cheese.
It is great quality and a must in the kitchen.
Super sharp grater, perfect for hard cheeses like parmesan or romano.
Save a little cash and enjoy the better quality of freshly grated cheese on your pasta, vegetables or pizza.
Ever so sharp, easy to hold and dishwasher safe.
I have always avoided recipes requiring the zest of this or that.
And while I love fresh parmigiano reggiano, the knuckle-busting, finger tearing zester/grater that I have been using for years tempered my appetite for it.
The Microplane popped up in my list of Recommendations from Amazon and I decided to read the reviews of this product.
I was amazed at the nearly unanimous raves about the grater.
The blades are very sharp (I took an earlier reviewer's suggestion and ordered the slider attachment that keeps your fingers away from the blade).
You won't have to worry about cleanup either.
I've had this grater for about a year now.
Overall a great product that does what it's suppose to do.
It has remained very sharp and easy to maintain.
I just throw it in the top rack of the diswasher.
If you forget it will remind you when you go to use it by soaking your shirt sleave.
Do it once and you won't forget again :-).
I was grating carrots and the carrot got stuck.
After tugging a bit to get the carrot out it left a snag so now a piece of metal is sticking out.
I tried to push it back in but each time I used it again it would pop back out.
I eventually threw it away because I knew I would prob end up cutting myself sooner or later.
Microplane also makes a fabulous zester (all cooks know that the words fabulous and zester are contradictory but not so in this case!).
Same overall shape as this item but narrower, with smaller holes.
Many people who reviewed that item use it for grating cheese as well.But for me, THIS is the cheese grater.
It has any type of cheese begging for mercy in mere seconds, as the grater-zester does with the dreaded citrus, nutmeg, ginger, etc.
The accolades written by other aficionados regarding the Microplane graters are accurate.
Microplane graters are the sharpest graters I've ever bought.
Easy to clean, non-rusting, and cuts grating time in half (at least!) because they're so incredibly sharp.
Also means you don't have to work so hard.
I've used a lot of graters for Parmesan and Romano cheeses.
This grater glides across the cheese so smoothly that you look to check that you are using the right side.
Then you look at your plate, and there is a substantial pile of fluffy grated cheese.
I handed the old grater and the new one to my husband, and he laughed in delight.
It's his job to grate when I need a LOT of cheese.
This would happen if you put this in the dishwasher, too.
Store it out of reach of small hands.
If you must store it in a drawer, I recommend keeping it in the protective  cardboard sleeve in which it is packed.
Microplane graters not only are the best, they are worlds apart from other graters.
Really, once I used one of these, I couldn't understand how I managed with those clunky old graters I had before.
These are faster, much more comfortable, and produce much better results.
I cannot say enough good things about this little gem of a grater.
These microplaners were originally designed as carpentry tools, and apparently, some carpenter's wife (thank goodness!) must have pinched one to use in the kitchen.
This is a seriously sturdy grater and makes easy work of most grating jobs.
I have had problems with other graters that crack and come away from the plastic that most of them are affixed to.
Wash by hand ( remember to scrub in the same direction as you grate) and you will have a little grating friend for life :).
how fantastic this product works!  He wasn't quite as thrilled as I was, but he also hasn't struggled to use an old-fashioned grater.
This great item makes it SO easy--why didn't anyone ever think of this before??.
You'll wonder how you managed to keep living without this wonderful product from Microplane.
I use this little baby for grating all kinds of cheese, hard and soft, white, or blue, and it never lets me down.
It struggles a little with Brie and Camembert, but that doesn't detract from it getting a five star review.
Buy this grater and bring some style back to your bolognaise!.
I use this for grating brick cheese whenever I need a relatively small amount -- like cheese as a garnish, not cheese as an ingredient.
For big jobs, I head for the food processor.
Sometimes in a moment of insanity, I whip out a box grater.
I also bought the fine grater from this company.
They will grate mounds of cheese in no time and with no hand fatigue.
I have little strenght in my hands, and I was a bit worried about getting a hand grater, rather than an electric.
But this greaters are super sharp and do a great job with no effort.
For smaller pieces of cheese (or chocolate...) it will save your fingers.
With so many poorly designed tools out there, it is a real pleasure to use one as well made as this! Highly recommended.
These microplane graters are great, super sharp, convenient, etc.
In fact, I've bought every size for coarse, fine & medium grating over the past year.
I own other cheese graters - the rotary one and a box grater and this is far superior for grating hard cheeses.
It is so quick to grate cheese over a plate or in quantity for a recipe.
I can grate a cup of parmesan in under two minutes.
I started buying pre-shredded cheese before purchasing this item because of the hassle of setting and cleaning up my other graters.
The Microplane grater makes the task easy and enjoyable and of course fresh cheese has the best flavor.
Highly recommend as it is so functional at such a small price.
When my food processor quit working, I replaced it with a set of Microplane graters (the 35000 series).
At the time I placed my order, I didn't know about Microplane's professional graters (the 38000 series).
They are, however, very sharp and do an extremely effective job.
I very seriously doubt I'd use a tool as sharp as this without something to protect my hands.
It's hard to put together, hard to turn the handle, hard to take apart, and hard to clean.
They rated this grater their favorite for grating hard cheeses.
It's incredibly easy to clean as well!Definitely recommended.
This is one of those tools that's a delight to use until it draws blood.
All graters are inherently dangerous, but the Microplane is in a world of its own.
I might curse my other, duller graters, but they do offer a certain measure of protection by their very dullness.
Still, this is a great tool, and it should not be overlooked.
Cleans off easy enough but does take some effort, about what was expected.
Used mostly to grate citrus peels for cooking and garnish.
It has a wider surface making it easier to use.
Fantastic product, will definitely recommend to my friends.
This item was recommended to me by my daughter who is a licensed nail tech.
I was not to excited about using a grater on my feet, as I thought it could be dangerous.
However, this being said, it works very well if used with care.
It is easy to clean & the large handle makes it easy to hold on to.
Spare your knuckles and fingernails by using Microplane graters.
This is one of the handiest gadgets for your kitchen toolbox.
Grate just what you need without making a mess.
I purchased this about 9 years ago and I still have it.
I grate Parmesan, garlic and ginger mostly with this but I wouldn't hesitate to use it for other hard items.
It's sturdy and long lasting and I would deifintely buy again.
I use these all the time.I would recommend them to anyone who loves to cook.
Perfect to grate small quantities of hard cheese.
The cheese looks like little snow flakes are they fall to the ground.
This microplane works wonderfully when grating cheese or even garlic onto your food you are preparing!  A must have in the kitchen.
I used this fine grater with giving pedicures to my husband, it was great quick and easy for tired feet.
A great addition to my kitchen and cooking.
I will be buying more from this seller.
The Microplane simply zips across the rinds of oranges, lemons, limes, etc.
As you've probably read elsewhere, the Microplane grater was born when a cook discovered how good a carpentry rasp was for zesting.
The &quot;pusher attachment&quot; is essential, and will amortize out because you will not stop with just one Microplane once you see how useful it is.
This is just an awesome tool to use for a quick grating of just about anything directly into whatever I'm making.
This is our 2nd Microplane grater as my wife wanted one for our travel trailer as well.
I bought this to use on my feet and boy, this thing is amazing.
They feel like a fresh pedicure each and everytime.
This really works wonders!!!  My feet look great at all times.
It works well, but am sorry that I did not order the commercial grater as I expect this one to break.
It failed the acid test, Brie, but I'll let it off as the pores are very fine.
You can use it for grating garlic bulbs over freshly buttered toasted french bread as well, for a potent bite of garlicy goodness.
As usual, take care not to slip, because the points are fine, and will easily shred flesh.
I was looking for an electric grater, because my hands get tired very easily and grating had become a real chore.
After reading reviews, I decided to give a manual grater one more try.
Well, it is a pleasure to use a well-designed tool that delivers what it promises.
Grating is effortless, you can produce mounds of grated cheese in no time and without hand fatigue.
I bought the attachment for it, and while I have used without it for larger chunks of cheese, I recommand it for smaller pieces.
This is my favorite grater, and I have probably around 10 (no kidding).
If I had to pick only one, this one would be it.
It makes grating mounds of parmigiano reggiano a real joy.
I really like this size because the cheese melts perfectly onto whatever.
I do hand-wash it, but it's SUPER easy to clean...way more than other graters.Get it!  You won't be sorry.
Comfortable to hold, makes short work of the chore of grating.
Even use to go grate onions and garlic instead of mincing.
Love these graters - but don't love replacing them when the plastic frame inevitably breaks.
Upgraded to the "professional" series for the metal frame.
Once the plastic frame breaks the zester is pretty much done.
I did also order the frameless fine rasp to see how that works as well.
To be fair the plastic frame lasted through 7 or 8 years of frequent use, including getting tossed into the dishwasher.
Treat yourself to fresh zest, grated ginger paste & grated nutmeg without even thinking twice!.
The Microplane grater is a shining example of the better mousetrap.
There isn't a kitchen in the USA without some kind of grater, yet Microplane's products are selling like hotcakes.
This grater is easier to handle than anything I've used.
It's sharper, holds an edge longer and just plain grates better than any grater ever made.
Is it worth the price? You bet! (Just watch your fingers--this baby is REALLY sharp!).
These are nice graters, just keep your body parts away from them because they are indiscriminate as to what it will grate.
I don't understand why all the reviews aren't 4 or 5 stars.
I am an avid baker and go above and beyond what most home cooks do.
That said, I really love this little tool and haven't had any problems with it at all.
As long as you are trimming the top off 8 or 9 inch cakes, this works great.
I will post pics to show the results.
The wire can be removed if you want to use it to cut hard cheese or something like that.
It's a bit crazy how cheap this thing is considering how important it is! I couldn't live without it when making a cake.
It cuts your cake layers perfectly even, quickly and easily.
Such a simple product that is so essential.
Cuts perfectly without damaging the cake a bit!.
Bought this for my daughter's first Wilton cake course and the cake leveler works fine.
I always used a knife to cut my cakes and the result was terribly disappointing.
Now I have the right item and I can't go wrong anymore!.
This kit has all the essential tools to decorate cakes and cup cakes.
Furthermore, coloring kit icing increase your chances of creating excellent decorations.
My first decorating set and I'm impressed,  The disposable bags are very easy to use and set up with different tips.
You can't beat the quality of wilton food colorings.
Saved $5 by purchasing on amazon vs michaels.
Highly recommend for anyone wanting a simple kit for simple decorating of cupcakes or cakes or who is just starting out.
If you're a novice cake decorator then this set is perfect for you! I always lose those darn little pointer thingys though.
I purchased this as a gift for my little sister who loves to bake.
She loved it!  It's easy to use and the food coloring just makes baking more fun.
Has everything if you want to frost a cake or cupcake.
Brought this set to frost my cupcakes and it was simple with the instruction booklet provided to set up the tip, coupler, and piping bag.
Made colored frosting with the red food coloring that turned a pretty pink.
True, you could probably get it for cheaper at the $1 store but poorer quality.
This kit makes everything simple and at your finger tips.
You can make pretty flowers, or stars, or use the straight one to write.COUPLERS: This is basically what sold me on the set.
These are AWESOME! You get two.COLORING:  Gel coloring is the way to go.
Less mess and it doesn't change the consistency of your frosting!All in all, great set for beginners (like me)!.
:]And have a camera handy to capture your progress!enjoy!.
I got this for my sis inlaw and she loves them.
She took Wilton course of cake decoration and found it very useful.
I settled on this because of the great reviews.
but when I actually saw it in action, I was sold.
It's so easy to use and even I (who am not a baker) easily made rosettes on top of cakes and cupcakes.
It's efficient enough for a beginner but even good enough for a more accomplished chef.
This kit includes everything you could want to decently decorate a cake.
I'm just thinking about getting a few more flower nails eventually.
So when I would find a tip that i liked I would have to go and buy the same tip in a bigger size.
I purchased this set for my niece as a Christmas present.
It is a good starter set and my niece loves it.
This has everything you need to get you started in decorating cakes, cupcakes or whatever confections you choose.
The colors a perfect and the choice of tips is fun to work with too!.
This set has three tips not found in the bigger set: 48 (basketweave), 129 (drop flower) and 349 (leaf).
To compensate for the lack of a good storage system in this set, I found a plastic bin for about a dollar.
Regardless of which set you buy, all items are of good quality - I've never been disappointed with Wilton decorating items.Highly recommend!.
I needed a new kit that had all the parts! This is a great kit.
It comes with a lot of tips and the book gives you great directions.
I like this...so excited to start my cake decorating for a hobby...delivered as what the description say.
I don't know about the price...I did not price it at the store.
I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter for Christmas.
She was very excited to have quite a selection of decorating tips, since she is just a beginner.
get it here instead.Wilton 2104-2546 53 Piece Supreme Cake Decorating SetThe set comes with everything any aspiring cake decorator will need.
The book is fantastic! Even tho the book is very informative, I would still suggest attending at least one class on cake decorating.
Our village community center has these types of classes all the time.
This will be an excellent kit for a beginner, and will probably be all a beginner needs for tips for a long time.
The booklet is actually more of a brochure.
However, overall it is a veryu useful and nice set.
I put all the pieces in a separate food storage container because the plastic tray is just flimsy and not a good storage solution.
I love this set- it's perfect for beginners who wants to start decorating their kids cakes, etc.
I got it real cheap as well- under $20.00 with no shipping charges since I bought more items with the "save shipping charges" on them.
Wilton makes great products and I'm glad I got my beginner's set from them through Amazon.
Ive been decorating cakes for fun for a few years now.
Im no pro but I bought this to help learn.
I bought this to start my new hobby of baking and decorating and this is just right for that.
I truelly enjoy this set and all it includes.
This set has 29 tips, a flower nail and one coupler in a plastic case.
All the tips and more to decorate just about any cake you would make.
I purchased this set since it seemed the best value for the  money.
There are a large variety of tip sizes and shapes, and the included booklets explain how to use them for different effects.
A smoothing spatula and supply of plastic pastry bags are also included.The one thing I haven't used much of is the colorings.
They are all pale pastels: pink, baby blue, violet, etc.
I have recently decided I wanted to learn how to decorate cakes.
I love to bake, but I don't have the proper equipment to deccorate my cakes.
The instruction book is great and easy to follow.
The first cake I made and decorated using three different tips with two different colors of icing looked like I got it from a bakery.
With the proper tools even someone who is not creative, like I'm not, you can decorate a cake you'll be proud to serve.
All she wanted for her 18th Birthday was this set.
She has culinary classes at school and loves to bake.
She loved this set and has created several wonderful cakes and cup cakes with these tools.
If they were, not she would tell me.
I bought this as a gift to somebody and that person loved it.
The best gift ever to a person who loves baking :).
This is a good starter set if you are just getting into cake decorating.
It lists some pretty good ideas that look fairly easy.
I wish the off-set spatula was a little bigger, but overall very nice.
I've had my Wilton tip set for at least a decade now, and I have yet to replace any of the tips.
In fact, my son once decorated cookies and accidentally dropped the tip down the disposal.
I've never been able to successfully use the rose nail, though, and it could really use several more couplers.
especially when you're decorating with several different color icings!.
All the basic tips needed for this amateur decorator.
Nice to have a case to keep them in.
Do suggest getting the tip cleaning tool in addition.
I probably should not have been quite as ambicious as this.
If you are good at piping you will probably use all of them.
I am best at sort of splurting straight on.
So I use the shaped tips to make stars and the like.
I get many compliments as if I spent hours.
The tip with the largest round opening works well for plain round cookies that might use for whoopies pies.
I have used these tips several times now, having them for over a month.
I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a good decorating tip set!.
Great set love it, works well, got it on time, packaged well no problems at all.
Bought the disposable bags to go with it.
bought two of these as gifts - both persons loved them, has not had any complaints about it from either.
I loved this product! It works well and has the tips you need.
It is 2 standard couplers that come with the set.
Just like any metal product if you don't clean properly it will rust.
It also includes two standard tip couplers and two 1.25-in.
flower nails (#9).Enjoy the great creations you can make with some practice!.
This is a wonderful set for basic cake decorating, pretty much everything you need.
It comes with tips for different flowers, squiggles, lines, basket weave, stars and ribbon.
I've even used one of the tips to make a carrot for a carrot cake.
The case is durable and holds everything neatly.
At our local craft store each tip is $3, so this was great.
It contains four or five large tips that you need a LARGE coupler that does not come with this set.
You need to buy it separate from this set.
Some other buyers warn of this  and I took their advice.
You need a large coupler to be able to make use of the entire set.
it comes with the really long tip for filling the cupcakes etc.
This is a great price for this set but I don't think the quality is as good as the Ateco version.
Granted, you pay a bit more for Ateco but it is a much better product.
If you want something that lasts longer, definitely Ateco.
Most of the tips you need are in this case.
There are many more out there, but you will cover all the bases with this tip set.
Great iteam enjoy using whenever I get a chance to decorate cakes.
I would recommed this product to anyone that can use it.
Closing the lid of the flimsy case is, therefore, a tricky exercise - the nails are not held in place in their location.
I wonder how long the case will remain intact?.
I called customer service because I wanted to make sure I was going to get what I was ordering.
I was contacted by the seller and was assured I was getting what was pictured and it would be the old master tip set.
I am very happy that on the third time of ordering the same thing I finally got the item I wanted.
This was delivered today and is at a good price.
It includes so many tips, granted not all the tips that Wilton makes, but the most common ones.
This is the largest tip set that Wilton makes and I would recomend that everyone have one.
I just can't say enough good things about it.
I believe I have already reviewed this item also.
Some tips do not come with the set.
So, I bought several tips off the auction block on E-bay, Hope Amazon.com will not mind if I mentioned this.
They do not come with frosting bags, so I went to Wal-Mart, to the Wilton Cake Decorationing section.
I put both together on a large bulletin  board.
You just would not believe how many products I have purchased, because of this book!.
I don't throw a lot of fancy parties, in fact most of my parties involve paper plates.
I do throw the occasional semi-formal shindig with which requires a proper cake.
This is great value for money because the individual prices along with the box would cost so much more.
I feel a little cheated.Wilton 2104 0240 Master Decorating TipThe rating gets one star off after all this.
Was a gift for my wife who is over the moon & loves the present.
I will definately be purchasing more Wilton eqiupment & am very pleased with prompt service & delivery.
Amazing product, I just love it!!! there are so many different ediable frosted things that you can create with these tips.
The first time i ordered this item, it was lost in the mail.
A couple of months later, i received the set after it has been lost for long.
I informed Amazon and they asked me to keep it.
Thank a lot Amazon, you are the best! The set works great.
I did buy a grass tip, but otherwise everything is there that I need.
This is a very good selection for both an amateur and experienced baker.
Good quality product, as well as convenient packaging.
The only thing I don't like is the storage idea of keeping the "flower nails" in the plastic container.
You can either order pastry bags (which you then have to wash) or you can use those resealable bags.
Simply insert a tip in the corner of the plastic and wrap a piece of tape around the top of tip and plastic bag.
It will hold in place well and you can toss the bag later.~The Rebecca Review.
I have had one of these for years and bought one for my daughter for christmas.
a great way to keep all your decorating tips clean and organized.
I was disappointed that it didn't come with a coupler set that would work with them.
I decided to sign up for the Wilton method of cake decorating classes.
I knew I would need equipment and supplies, so I ordered the master tip set.
I  received the product in record time and perfect shape.
Wonderful to have if your like decorating cakes.
very easy to use and handy to have around, instead of buying pricey decorated cakes.
It has everything you will need unless you are a professional and then you need to order a few more large tips.
Recommend everyone starting out to order this because it is a good buy instead of buying separate.
Has made making cakes much easier and fun.
This is nice heavy weight and quality pan.
My primary reason to purchase is to use it as a liner for a "14 inch cast iron dutch oven.
I love Wilton products and this pan is no exception.
Works great for cakes and easy to clean.
This pan is a great size for a double cake mix.
I have had wonderful luck using it and will be purchasing another as soon as possible.
I use homemade cake release (equal parts shortening, flour and vegetable oil well blended) and every cake slides right out.
The cake is very easy to tort due to the height and when used with the Wilton Cake Strips needs minimal trimming on the dome.
I bought this pan to use as protection for the spring form pan when making cheesecakes in a water bath.
I used a 9 inch spring form pan and we got a crispy crust on our cheesecake because no water got in.
I purchased this as an accessory for my pressure cooker.
I mainly use this pan to cook rice in my pressure cooker.
Rather than place the rice directly in the pressure cooker, I place the rice and water in the pan.
I picked this tip up inMiss Vickie's Big Book of Pressure Cooker Recipes.
One review I read mentioned that this pan is thinner than an older version of the pan that has a straight edge.
The thinner pans meant I had to make an adjustment in temperature and cooking time.
I'm very pleased with the quality and the price of this pan.
Oh well, I'll run into it some time!!.
I ordered Two of Them, one of the Pans looks like is been thrown around, it's full of Dents and Scratches.
I do prefer a Heavier Aluminum Baking Pan and got many of those by another Brand Name Made in the USA.
This was a gift for my daughter who loves to bake cakes and she was delighted.
I am taking a cake decorating class and this set is a great starter.
I did have to purchase a few more tips and odds and ends for the class.
Well made and convenient to hold my supplies.
A bit pricey, but Walmart also sells Wilton products at a lower price.
Also some friends who know I bake have been giving me cake decorating gifts (so sweet!).
She was very happy with the caddy set.
She loves baking cookies and this will hold all of her cookie decorating needs.
Bought this for my wife, who wanted to get better at cake decorating.
She LOVES this kit and it was everything she needed to get started.
So imagine my pleasant surprise when I opened it and found a ton of tips and other things for cake decorating.
I was really happy to say the least and also a bit ashamed at my lack of reading comprehension.The caddy is already a great help.
There are little sections for you to store your couplers too!.
This is a great set, It has all the basics in it and is a great set for a starter set.
The case is a good size and will hold a lot of products that can be added to the set over time.
In fact, I baked my own wedding cake.
I had to do all the smooth coat and all  the detail work right at the reception hall, with people watching.
Second of all, the lids to the toolboxes are  annoying shades of pastel plastic.
We got this kit for our daughters 1st birthday kit to make her cake.
Its so nice, comes with a lot of products to decorate.
My daughter in-law enjoyed these products!...it's a great beginner starter kit!~Wilton 2109-859 50-Piece Tool and Caddy Decorating Set!~I would recommend this item!~.
Love it! Had the best time using this and was fun to show off my tool kit while decorating cakes.
My wife is one of the most creative and crafty people I know, and recently she expressed an interest in cake decorating.
In addition to being very creative, she is very organized, so this looked like the perfect solution.
It's hard to wrong with Wilton, and this set doesn't disappoint.My only suggestion is to provide a list of what tips are included.
Some of the cakes in the included book require tips or collars not included in the set, which seemed odd as well.
She has recently started doing a lot of baking and is learning to decorate cakes and such.
I got this for her and she was thrilled.
It has some great items in it and room for plenty more.
The case is kind of like a tackle box, but the color is fun and girly.
I waited until it dropped by 1/2 its price, and it was worth the $28.
The colors of the box I received are different from the one pictured.
I like the colors I received better than the ones in the picture.
The lid is more of a light blue and the bottom is more of a white color.
I like that there are 10 places for colors.
The books that come with this have some very good tips and decorating guides for starters.
The spatula that comes with it is a good quality one.
It would be ok for smoothing the sides of a one layer cake but nothing much more than that.
I purchased this for my niece, who is starting to decorate cakes.
it is large enough to hold a lot of equipment.
Would have been nice to have a few more instructions included.
She has a new baby and wanted to learn to bake and decorate cakes.
Comes as promised, good quality, and accessories and replacements are easy to find.
I am sure many of you are like me.
You love to decorate, but gosh, where do you put all of the stuff?  I have no idea.
This caddy is perfect for putting all of your tips in, it also holds your colors, and much much more.
There is enough room for several bags, I also keep additional colors, paint brushes, and a couple of cookie cutters in here.
This is a roomy box that has been designed for keeping your cake decorating supplies in.
This is a definate must for those of us to love to bake.
I only do birthday cakes for kids at home and this is perfect.
It had colors and bags and lots of room for any additionals I buy to add to my kit.
It keeps everything organized and clean from one cake to the next!.
This is a great container if you are a home cake decorator.
They can be handed down through the family.
I have a bunch of these cookie cutters, and I just love them.
They're easy to use, keep their shape, and are super easy for my kids to work with too.
I've had some for several years and they still work great.
I have thrown away all of my older cutters as they lose their shape after a while.
The rubber attachment not only helps keep the shape, it makes it more comfortable to use as well.
Wilton are the only cookie cutters I buy.
This is a great one at a great price.
The comfort grip is not just for comfort, it's nice for color coding when your looking through your cookie cutters to find what you need.
There is not too much to say about this product other than I think it will hold up over time well.
I have never owned one of these cutters before but I think I will be starting a collection in the future :).
This is a palm filling,comfortable feeling cookie cutter.
I haven't yet used it but it feels rather substantial.
This cookie cutter is great for larger cookies or pancakes, I used it to make heart shaped french toast for Valentine's Day.
The pink grip top makes it easier to hold for longer periods of time.
I needed a large heart to make pup loaf for valentines day.
Not only was it large enough but it was deep also.
I was able to shape the pup loaf inside the heart and pull it off to have perfect heart shaped pup loaf.
This product is everything it claims to be.
Never had a problem with cleaning, and it's got some nice thickness to it for good head distribution.
The grease drains into the channel and pours easily from the corners into my grease can.But my FAVORITE use is to thaw frozen meat.
Just a little Dawn and a sponge and it is perfectly clean.
Well, I have to say we like this griddle.
It is the second one we have purchased made by Wisconsin Aluminum Foundry in Manitowoc, WI.
This griddle is great for frying up potato pancakes, which require a little more oil for crispness, due to it's raised sides.
The raised sides also make it easier to get the spatula under the pancakes for flipping.
No sliding off the griddle with this one! It heats fairly evenly and is still very no-stick after several uses.
It washes up easily, the major problem being it is large, so hopefully you have a bigger sink basin.
It could be just a tad shorter for my liking, as it does hang over the edge of the burners on my gas range.
It just barely fits on the (Kenmore) range top, but fit it does.
We can fit 8 larger pancakes on it at a time.
The price is very reasonable for this very heavy-weight, sturdy flat-bottomed griddle.
We would purchase again and if we encounter future problems, I will update this review.
I was quickly drawn to the All-Clad given the tried-and-true brand name.
But, this was 1/4 of the price and came in with even higher reviews.
It fits nicely over my gas burners, cooks evenly and cleans up well.
It is thick enough to heat and cook evenly over the whole surface.
The nonstick coating is exceptionally tough, and, best of all, it cleans in the dishwasher without any problem.
What a great griddle! The solid aluminum body heats evenly on the long center burner of my gas range.
The non-stick coating seems extremely durable, and the pan cleans up in a flash.
That's always nice!There is a "moat" around the edges for grease collection, but it's quite shallow.
I suppose if your bacon is extremely fatty, this moat could fill up and you would have to pour off the grease.
The finish is still in perfect condition, even though my often-careless hubby and kids use it regularly.
I've used it a few times to thaw meats, too.
WOW!  It works so very, very well for that.
Just flip it over to the non-coated side, place the UNWRAPPED meat on the surface, and let it sit on the counter.
I was truly astonished how quickly a thick cut of meat thawed out.
Hamburger patties take very little time at all.Definitely recommend this griddle.
Last week, I used it to help thaw my 22-pound turkey.
I am still astonished at how effective it is in that regard.
Honestly - do not hesitate to purchase this item.
I came across this griddle which has good ratings, and felt the heavier weight will be worth not having the warping issues.
It seems lighter than the listed weight and I like that it is about 1" thick and without handle protrusions.
Durable heavy duty griddle works flawlessly on my glass ceramic cooktop, which requires the bottom to be completely flat.
This is the one to get if you have a ceramic glass flat surface cooktop.
Mine has a bridge element and this works perfectly for pancakes, grilled cheese, bacon and eggs, etc.
Like other reviewers here, I did quite a bit of reading/research before deciding on this griddle.
It works very well -- heats evenly, easy to clean, adequate size.
We use it for pancakes and french toast -- we've never used it for meats or even veggies.
But for what we use it for, it works great.
I have been using this grill or griddle for several months now and I am very pleased with it.
Nothing sticks to it and it has very even heating.
It conducts heat very well and I just cook with medium heat, no need to use high.
everything comes out fine and cleans off easily.
ive even used it to thaw meat as suggested in the included document, and it actually works pretty well.
I bought a slightly cheaper non stick griddle and it warped after a few uses (on medium low heat).
Saw the reviews on this one and gave it a try.
The drip catcher around the sides works well to keep the fat off the food and makes for easy clean up.
I've been using this for about a year.
I like the texture, it is very rough which actually seems to be why it is non stick.
It is a very durable finish, with even heating and side troughs for draining excess fat.
I use it on my center burner and once it heats up, it works great.
It's nice and thick and holds heat great.
I've wanted a griddle for a very long time but couldn't find one of good quality for a reasonable price.
This is great quality and a great price.
I bought this canner in case the economy went bad and we needed to be able to preserve our own foods (meats, veggies and fruits).
I have never canned anything before, but that changed last night.
Hubby is a police officer and was called to a deer/car accident.
The car owner did not want the deer so hubby cleaned it and soaked it in brine.
Right now I have zero freezer space so the only option was canning.
3 adults got bellies full with a pint jar of meat.
This canner worked flawlessly, I am now so excited to can again.
Oh...back to the canner..this thing is very heavy which to me means it will be with me all my days.
I love this thing, pricey but so worth it for a quality built product and best thing MADE IN THE USA!.
You get what you pay for, and I definitely wanted one made in the USA.
So would DEFINITELY recommend just going ahead and breaking down and spending the money on it.
I bought this canner because of it safety features, the metal to metal seal, and the strong recommendation of a friend.
I've been able to can all kinds of food, like beef stew, Boston baked beans, ratatouille, and other low acid foods.
This is a heavy pot, but for a reason.
It is easy to use, straightforward in all respects, and I can be confident my jars are processed perfectly.
Update:  We have now been using this canner for several months.
We like it even better than when we first got it.
We have had no problems with the unit, it works perfectly every time.
We have canned beef, chicken, meat loaf, chili, spaghetti sauce, bean soup, turkey stock with meat (for soup), split pea soup and various other things.
I would buy this again in a minute.
The only negative we have found is that it is large to store.
We decided to store it on a shelf in our basement just because of it's size.
This canner allows you to pressure can meats, vegetables, fruit, anything.
As with any canning you must check your seal after canning.
The first one I received had a shattered top handle so I had to send it back for an exchange.
The second one was fine but I think one more toss in shipping and it would have been toast as well.
After we figured out the lid and lid placement it is wonderful.
My new All-American 30-Quart Pressure Cooker/Canner is terrific.
I am recently retired and haven't canned with a pressure cooker for many years.
I love making a garden and love to be able to cook larger amounts of different vegetables all at once.
I still have that canner and took it to the county home extention ladies in my community to have it checked out.
I will be using this canner as a back up when I am multi-tasking with other projects I will be working on.
It cooks, it cans, it sterilizes and you probably couldn't break it if you tried.
The weight pressure regulator is pretty near idiot-proof and simple to replace if you manage to loose it.
I suspect I could have skipped it entirely.Note that the photo on Amazon shows the old-style handle on the lid.
Though, as I say I purchased mine several years ago, they may have switched back to the older style.
The size is great for my apartment stove, which has a microwave right above it.
However, if you have to have a numbers kind of person, this is not for you.
Yes, you have to learn the sounds of the pressure cooker.
I only use it for canning because it releases aluminum.
There are Fagor stainless steel pressure cookers, made in Spain, that are great for cooking food.
Your eyes deceive you; this is the belle of the ball.None can compare.
To get to the point, only thisbrand is going to last you a lifetime.
This is the only true heavy duty one.They come in a variety of sizes.
For cooking only, you still need to get a little bigger than you would think.
For canning, get way bigger than you would think.
A perfect setup for pressure cooking and canning would be this 30 plus the smallest All-american....then you're set for life.
great pressure cooker...but recommend thoroughly researching the size & being realistic on your useage.
Has a fifty year guarantee...and my bet is they have never had a single claim.
I think my title says it all really, this is an excellent canner.
It's very sturdy and reliable and I'm sure it will stay in great condition for many years to come.
I am thrilled to think of how many jars I will be able to do when I fire both of them up.
She could be correct on this when you are talking about certain things from your garden.
This could be a consideration, when deciding on which size to buy.
I did try to polish it after I saw how shiny it was supposed to me so it does look a tiny bet smoother.
I may look into calling the company and asking about replacing the bakelite.
Just be sure to follow all the directions, and buy a canning book like the one from the Ball company.
Be sure to match up the notches when sealing and let it cool down properly before opening.
Not only so you don't burn yourself, but it will open up much easier as well.
Great canner, but the product description says it fits 14 quarts.
I can't see how it will fit 14.
I've been using is for several years now.
I love that there is no seal to replace, ever.
We have used this pressure cooker 3 times this summer and it works great.
It can be a bit tricky to get the lid on straight, but I think all the cookers are like that.
It believe that this pressure cook is of the highest quality of all the brands we researched.
I am completely happy with this purchase and would recommend only this product for pressure cooking to others!.
i love my canner this is just what i wanted works great now i can do so much more at one time.
This is not the pot's fault.I would highly recommend this pressure cooker for any one needing a cooker be it for home or Restaurant.
YearsLater, Due to weight went to caners with a rubber gasket.
Ruined one due to warping and repeated gasket failures.
Gave one to future daughter in law, with Spare Gasket Sets.
Ordered a New All American 925 to go with my OLD ONE, all parts compatible.
Now process with two 25-Quart canners  at the same time! :) Jerry Thompson, Lake Butler, Florida.
It is well made and designed to last.
Since getting it, I've canned everything from veggies to pickled pig's feet.
If you must get only one pressure canner get this one.
The product is well made and I can tell it will hold up for years to come with proper care.
Dang bubba and bubberette when they say tough they are not exaggerating.
This is the quality you expected years ago when you passed down kitchen equipment and tools from generations.
It is so well made and heavy construction that it could take a husband to move for you if full.
This thing just looks purposeful and makes you want to break out the Ball jars and your apron and get to gettin'.
I've canned one batch of pumpkin in int and it was a joy to use.
This is an investment in that you will never have to replace this product and will be one to pass on to others.
I am a guy and believe in doing it right the first time.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting a quality made American product.
While making dinner on the front burners, I often have this canner working on the back burner.
If I only have 4 pints of picadillo to can, then I only can 4 pints, and no guilt about all that space being wasted.
The All-American 10 1/2 qt Pressure cooker/canner is great.
I really love that you do not need a gasket and don't have to keep up with one.
Some like the newer cookers but I personally love the spitter spatter hissing sounds these traditional cookers make as they work.
The gauge is nice, but not really needed, other than to entertain as the cooker gradually build pressure.
I also love the fact the weight has 3 different pressure settings if needed.
Here in the higher elevations we always use 15 lbs.
but having the option if needed is nice.
Canned corn and green beans so far this summer and almost always every one seals.
I did 21 quarts of green beans and 7 quarts of corn and 18 pints corn.
It's also comfortable to know that this canner is useful canning meat.
25 minutes for beans in quarts and 55 minutes for corn in pints.
I own a very large canner, but when we moved to our presenthome, I have a counter-top Jenn Aire range.
One of the best benefits isthat you do not need a gasket with this canner.
All youdo is oil between the top and canner.
I also had a question,so I called Customer Service with All American, and got rightthrough (to an English speaking representative).
They werevery helpful and answered all my questions.
so I SHOULD have given this more thought before ordering this 15.5-qt canner.
The item arrived very quickly and was exactly as described.
I had a Presto canner before I bought this one, and I think both canners are great values for the money.
The Presto did a great job, but wasn't anywhere nearly as solidly built as the All American 921.
It also made less noise during canning than the Presto.I think I'm going to buy a smaller one as well to pressure cook meals in.
Pressure cooked roast is amazing, and this one is too big for convenience in cooking meals.
In the past I have always been happily surprised that the item was indeed like new but just cost less.
I saw the condition of some new ones so I worried about this not new one.
Well holding my breath I opened the box and found one ding on the outside of the canner.
I used Vaseline around the lid and pot edge hoping that it would keep it from sticking.
I have canned lots before but always with a hot bath.
Well first batch I did not screw the lids on firmly enough and a good amount of the fluid came out.
One lesson learned.There was a little bit of air escaping around the lid but it held the pressure well.
This was described in the manual and said that it would end after a few batches.
Hard to tell and I was afraid to tighten it a little more.
There was no explanation on this but it did seem to lessen on subsequent batches.
The first batch I had some problems with getting the lid off.
But a slight bump with a screwdriver, (actually a chisel) and it came right open.
I did not reapply Vaseline prior to my next 3 batches but I had no trouble getting the lid off.
I never had a release of steam so even if I opened it wrong there was no steam to hit my skin.
The gauge seemed spot on at 10 pounds and read just shy of 15 pounds when the weight was set at 15.
Apparently some of the tomato pushed through the lid and deposited some seeds.
No longer, I can do it on the hottest day.
I usually buy meat on the day I am going to use it so not sure how great a savings it would be.
I do not doubt that Presto makes a great product but this really is built for a lifetime and made in the US.
It seems like it might be more of a hassle to use but I found it pretty simple.
I have 3 All American canners, and there is no way to explain why until you use one.
Why would you pay so much when cheaper ones are available?  It is simply the best tool for a very important job.
Took me 35 years to find the perfect canner, and I will never use anything else.
Bought all three used, two of them on Amazon.
Bought an old 930 on Craig's list, at least 60 years old.
In the Summer, I sometimes can 100 jars of freshly harvested food in a week.They are heavy.
I bought a Cadco cast iron burner and a rolling cart.
I am ready to rock and roll this Summer.
I've been using a pressure canner for years now.
Used one when I thought the Y2K issue was serious, canned up scads and scads of meat.
This is a canner you want for meats.
Otherwise, when it comes to vegetables, use the usual water system.
I think everyone should use this system as it does everything, meat, everything!!!.
Best investment I have ever made!  Great quality, easy to use and I feel safe with all the safety features.
I will also not have to worry able gaskets ever again!  American made too!.
I find that very amazing and a very fabulous find for home canning!!.
I am extremely pleased with my purchase based on the quality alone.
I did test it and found that it attained the correct pressure and held it easily.
After doing a lot of research I found this canner company to be one of the bests.
I had never pressure canned before and I was very nervous about doing it right.
For example it was talking about things you can never pressure cook.
Which for me being so new I thought it was talking about pressure canning.
Pressure cooking is without jars pressure canning is with jars!!!I love that this does not have a gasket.
The quality is unmistakable- it's a thing of beauty to look at.
This size was nearly a soaking-tub size, though.
Just be aware of what size you're getting!.
If you have bad shoulders like me you need to do one or two things.
One have things where you never have to move this thing loaded.
Who needs a heavy pressure cooker all the time?My neighbors and me plant our beans, etc., few days apart now.
What we all wanted was a very safe pressure cooker.
This thing is not cheap!  We talked and we have it! There has never been the first argument over it.
Just a whole lot of helpers, new recipes, and ideas.
On a regular electric stove it works great.
The big thing we learned at my neighbors is that you do great using TWO burners.
Use one burner to bring it up to pressure.
Have the other burner turned on and ready to go to slide this thing over.
Two of us do it to be really safe.
A stronger person without shoulder problems would have no problem.
But safety first! After a couple tries you will know exactly where the second burner needs to be set.
Its best to go too low as you can bring pressure right back up.
This canner heats up quickly and is very easy to use.
No rubber seals to worry about or replace.
I found this item very dependable and of good quality.
I bought this to use as a canner but use it just as much as a cooker.
Now I use it almost every weekend for either cooking or canning and am perfectly comfortable with using it.
What a wonderful utensil, to be able to cook broths/stocks that could take up to 5 hours in as little as 40 minutes.
There is no question that this is a wonderful canner.
There is a great comparison review of this vs.
There is a link that corrects this misperception.
This link addresses all questions...different cook top manufacturers weighted in.[...] Molly53 is what you're looking for.
The temperature in the pot may then not be sustained long enough for bacteria to be killed.
This is an excellent example of what I consider great American Craftsmanship.
The first one arrived damaged due to shipping or rough handling at the warehouse.
Not having a rubber seal and having a steam gauge are the reasons I chose this brand.
Have not used it yet just got it two days ago.
but can all ready see I'm going to love it.
But it is heavyJust used my pressure canner this evening 6/28/13.
Totally love it, works great even on a glass top stove.Recommend this to anyone.
I purchased this canner two years ago when I was blessed with an abundance of homegrown produce and no way to preserve all of it.
Although I had minimal (at best) experience with pressure canners, I had no problem using this one.
I don't have issues with seating the lid; it is clearly marked with a reference notch and arrow.
If you line those up, the lid is easy to seat.
If you think you might have need to do the really big jars, buy a larger, taller, size.
(Which ultimately turned out to be a plus for home brewing as well.)I can't honestly foresee any problems when canning with this monstrosity.
It worked well, and responded to changes in temperature required to keep the weight regulator jiggling about 4 times per minute.
One page recommends olive oil (with vaseline a second choice); the next page recommends only vaseline.
The reason I am docking a star is because the lid actually has to be placed at a certain location on the base.
There's an arrow on the lid (small) that needs to line up with an indentation on the base.
One broke the seal when testing if it was OK, and the other didn't seal at all (lid slid off when ring was removed).
So it looks like chile con carne for dinner for the next few days.
This is a very heavy duty piece of equipment!  I had a problem at first with a lot of steam escaping and called customer service.
They said it would stop after using it a few times....,it didn't stop.
I had only been testing it with water in it because I am new to canning.
So I read through the book again, and realized that I was not letting it vent first.
I highlighted things in the book and go through that each time just to make sure I am doing everything correctly.
The black wing screws are easy to use, the gauge works perfectly, and the handle on the lid is very thick and strong.
Really enjoy my All American pressure cooker -- have 2 of them.
With 2 we are able to get our canning done is twice the time.
I don't make batches in jars bigger than 1 pt for most things and only occasionally use it for straight cooking.
Love the safety features on this, the lack of a seal, and the roominess! Can't wait until gardening/canning season.
I absolutely love this canner! My mother in law had her mother's All American canner for years and I had used it several years ago.
It was still in great shape..worked perfectly after MANY years of use.
The quality is superb and it works like a charm.
Since it had obviously been dropped, I returned it to Amazon for a full refund.
It fits all jars perfectly and cans well.
There isn't a better quality pressure canner made anywhere in the world.
The fact that it is American made is a bonus.
No more leaking rubber gaskets to fuss with or replace every season.
This canner uses a metal to metal fit and eliminates the need of gaskets.
If the cooker were any bigger I'd have to hose it down in the yard.This size is both a blessing and a curse.
Want to cook a whole chicken or make stock from a turkey carcass? No problem at all.
Should you care? Most research says absolutely not, but some people do anyway.
If you're one of them, again, you'll be happier with a smaller steel cooker.
It'll sorta self-anodize after enough use.In operation, it's a great cooker.
You should still be extremely cautious with it, but it's easily the safest consumer model pressure cooker around.
Keep your quantities reasonable, add some oil to cut down on the foaming and you'll be just fine.
Very good quality, thick aluminum, solid fittings.Would definitely recommend.
I have used a pressure cooker befor but not for canning.
Even though it is a little more trouble to seal/open its still better than the the others I have used.
If you look around the net you see used models from this company and they get a good price.
Also it's built her in the USA instead of a country with slave/child labor.
This is my 1st pressure canner and man is it nice!  Good instructions, great quality, easy to use.
The average canning time for quarts is 1.5 hours which makes me think I could have ordered the larger size that allows stacking.
(Bigger batched could be done) but this one is enough for me.
I wouldn't want it to be crazy heavy.
Years ago my mother in law had this very canner.
I used it for years and then with three young children's I decided I didn't have time to can.
Now I am back to gardening and canning and once again this trusty canner is exactly what I want.
Out of 1,000 jars only broke 1 and about 5 didnt seal.
I probably will buy that and give this one to my mom, as she is still using the cheap canner with the rubber seals.
The metal inserts to put on the bottom and in between layers of jars are kinda flimsy.
If you are like me then chances are you grew up hearing horror stories about exploding pressure cookers.
This pot came up for sale and I decided to give it a try.
The lid bolts down tightly on the pot and cannot be released until cooled sufficiently.
A large pot, this can hold a substantially amount...any larger and I probably wouldn't be able to lift this when filled.
I wouldn't be surprised if you will be leaving this item to the grandkids as part of their inheritence].
Finally, it feels safe...even for those a little leary of pressure cookers like myself.
Excellent quality that will pay for itself many times over.
I originally bought the Presto canner because Amazon was not selling the All American at the time.
And the instruction booklet was a bit vague about the whole "venting" process, which is described in more detail on USDA's canning site.
I was also unclear on what constitutes a jiggle or a sputter on the weighted gauge.
I have successfully canned a few times now with this canner, it is fairly easy to use now that I know what to expect.
Side by side, the Presto just can't compare.
My other canner is a large Presto pressure canner.
This heavy pot uses bakelight handles on sturdy wingnuts to keep the lid closed.
I love this small canner so much, I'm going to get a larger one, too.
They are totally worth the price.I am thrilled with the weighty feel of the canner, and with its construction.
It should be noted that it IS heavy.
However, I always fill my jars next to the stove and just put them in the pot.
I never try to lift the pot and the jars.
For small batches or the overage of a large batch, this size pot fits the bill.
It holds seven pint jars or four quart jars.
It can also double as a pressure cooker.I work at a farm and get free produce so I really put my canners through their paces.
I am wishing now that I had gotten an All-American sooner.
Tomorrow, I'm picking a few bushels of tomatoes for sauce and juice!.
I have used it for pressure canning and water bath canning, and it was easy and worked just like it was supposed to.
I first thought I didn't like it but after using a few times it was the best choice.
This is a huge pressure cooker but solidly made and dependable.
It works like a charm but it is really heavy for me so I usually have to call my sons to move it around.
I have two different sizes of these and both are better than I could expect.
They heat fast, retain the heat well and do large batches of canned goods fast.
Only drawbacks are the price and the weight.
Not something you want to haul around all the time, but well worth the investment.
Even when cooking for family, I'll make 2 chickens at a time, that way I won't have to cook another night.
While the chickens are cooking, I'll also have stock to make rice or soup with.
Forgot about cooking dinner?  This baby can take 2 frozen rabbits from the freezer to the dinner table in less than an hour.
Its large size makes canning large batches quick work.
I have a double sink and it fits in nicely - a must for anyone with a large family !.
I seldom buy things that live up to my expectations anymore...but I must say that the All-American Pressure Cooker/Canner did not leave me disappointed.
It is well made and should truly be something to hand down to my children and grandchildren.
But we chose that one because we could can more quarts at one time.
I first started canning in college back in the 80's.
I got out of it for many years because my work prevented having a good garden, or the time for canning.
Of course, when Hurricane Ike came through my town in 2008, I was without electricity for 3 weeks-so much for freezing.
I have the time and the inclination to can again.
I know from web research that Presto and All American are the two big brands over here.
The Presto is a fraction of the cost of the All American, and there is a reason for that.
The canner is much, much lighter in construction and, from the samples I looked at, also don't match the workmanship.
Some reviewers will probably go on and on about not having to buy gaskets for this brand; I never minded buying gaskets periodically.
The one caveat with this brand is that they are heavy-really heavy.
It is obvious when buying one of these canners that they will be around for a long, long time.
It amazes me how much really rough old ones go for on EBay.
I own a couple of huge roasters that I use about twice a year and store in my garage.
Today, I made a huge pot of chili in this canner with some roasts I got very cheaply.
All they do is warn against working with a hot canner.
I didn't want those looking at me all the time for no reason.
Company must be worried about suits, since they offer to send replacement labels for free in the owner's manual!.
Heavy Duty and no gasket too, what else could you want.
You never go wrong when you buy the best.
I can't imagine a canner being more solidly built.
This a well made canner - will likely be the last one I'll ever need to purchase.
Just make sure you have room on your stove - it's huge!.
This is one of the last of the great USA produced products!  I put the cool factor on this item up there with Harley Davidsons.
People all over the marina wanted to see this item when I pulled it out of the truck.
It looks like something NASA uses to process rocket fuel!  :)I absolutely love my 930.
Amazingly, I have no complains, suggestions or improvements to this machine.
I have an old Mirro canner I have had forever.
I have really enjoyed using it compared to the old one as it seems to be better to control the pressure.
heavy duty item to pass down to my kids.
I've wanted one of these for years and now that I've got it, I see I have a lot to learn.
you just can't imagine how long it takes to prep 7 quarts of nearly anything from the garden.
Gave this to my daughter and she loves it.
It is heavy duty and she feels safe using it with all of it's locks and safety features.
Excellent canner, easy to use, great size, strong looking and it will obviously last forever.
I agree that you wouldn't want to use it on a smooth top stove.
the weight of the canner is pretty significant.
we use it outside on the porch, on a propane burner.
you learned things on page 17 that you needed to know on page 2.
and it tells you things to NEVER EVER can, but two pages later tells you how to can them.
It came, it is heavy, it is beautiful and I hope I am smart enough to operate it.
I already had a very large canner that I use most of the canning season, And I just love the All American Canner.
I was looking for a smaller one to use at the end of the garden season, when you have smaller canner loads.
I was looking for a pressure cooker and couldn't believe that so many people gave this 5 stars.
I love this thing!  I held off one full canning season on writing a review and at the end of it I love this thing.
I can't think of a single thing I'd change about this product!.
I started canning this year and bought this because my Aunt has one.
I love it! It took me a couple of minutes to learn how to align the lid but once I did, I had it.
This canner easily maintains the pressure and is very easy to use.
Really like double layer option so canning doesn't take all day.
You wont find cast aluminum of a higher quality and the machined surfaces are great.
The metal on metal seal improves after you use and lubricate it a few times.
Mine never leaked, but on the first few uses you may see a small puff of steam on the heat up or cool cycle.
Dont listen to anyone who says it leaks.
While I'm sure some bad ones leave the factory now and then, most of those complaints are just user error.
I have the highest end GE electric stove but I'm not even sure it makes a difference.
I load it to 50 pounds including the canner weight and it holds perfect pressure.
I see no issues holding pressure or temp.I did receive one with a dent on the bottom from shipping and had to exchange it.
Thats all you have to do, very low regular maintenance.
This has got to be the best canner on the market.
It's a little on the heavy side but does a great job.
I bought this canner because it doesn't need a rubber gasket.
This happened once for me but I continued with the processing and the contents turned out fine.
However, the canner could boil dry if this happens and you don't have enough water in it.
I recommend this canner above any I have ever used.
If it rattles 2 or 3 times a minute you know all is well.
A word of caution, if you have a range hood the larger model may not clear it.
With no gaskets, this cooker will last a lifetime.
It's quite heavy but that's what makes it so solid a cooker.
If you like to can, this is the only pressure cooker you should buy.
I've used it for a year and have been really pleased.
I would suggest anyone buying to read the instruction manual front to back.
It also states the gauge may be off as much as +/- 3 lbs of pressure.
(I found mine to be about one pound off, by sound.
:(  Lesson learned, read the manual.I love the metal to metal lid, with no rubber gasket.
I can't remember the last time I opened a box and felt such a rush of patriotism just looking at American quality.
Every aspect of this pressure canner / cooker is built with American pride.
We bought this as a pressure canner only.
Thick wall construction gives me confidence that this unit is safe and will last my lifetime.
Thanks Grandma for recommending this Made in Wisconsin gem.
We can tuna and salmon and this product was recommended to us by friends.
The precision of manufacture is so good that it doesn't require any seals.
We just rub a little olive oil where the lid touches the pot and it seals perfectly and also comes apart without sticking.
Although this product is more expensive than others it is worth every penny.
We also bought a Presto canner with a seal.
It is a good product but nothing like this one.
I'm a little frustrated at this point with my order for the All-American 10.5 quart pressure cooker.
The first one arrived missing the stem that the weighted gauge has to sit on.
Amazon was very prompt though about providing me a replacement and my return label.
I just received the replacement and now it is missing the rack and the weighted pressure gauge.
Now I have two boxes to lug back to UPS.
I think I will let Amazon send UPS here and let them foot the bill as I won't be.
Not sure what is going on at All-American but whomever is packing their boxes needs glasses.
I don't know if I'm willing to try a fourth time.2ND FOLLOW-UP  NOVEMBER 11THI called Amazon very late and let them know my frustrations.
Reached a wonderful young lady who did a search on their website and will be sending the missing parts.
They gave me a credit on the initial order to cover the cost of purchasing the missing parts.
She said they are also putting an investigation into All-American to find out why this is happening.
Can't help wonder why the two previous reps did not offer to do the same thing.
Once I received all parts, I began using my pressure cooker and I love it.
It is great for pressure cooking special dishes and also in the canning process.
It has a very large capacity so I can process more at one time.
It is very sturdy and I love the idea of no gaskets to deal with.
After reviewing several canning blogs, most said the All American brand is amazing.
I agree that this canning/cooker is built to manufacturer perfection.
Hay, I can food alot and this canner is great for that.
It is such a joy to use I started cooking food in it.
No big deal!  Get the blue ball book and enjoy cooking and canning with a great pot.
I'd been wanting a pressure cooker for a long time and finally splurged on this one.
This is the most well made pressure cooker you will ever see.
I use it mostly to make home-made stocks.
If you have any reservations about safety, you won't have any with this product.
The top locks in place with six heavy duty wing screws and there's even three clasps that slip under the rim for extra safety.
I cannot imagine this cooker ever wearing out.
I was so excited to use it after borrowing my mom's 12 quart Mirro canner for the past three seasons.
I wanted to do two rows of pints, how exciting!Then I put this tank into action and I was immediately lost.
Perhaps people who have never used a single layer canner wouldn't even think to ask this, but I was momentarily confused.
It was late and I wanted to get started, so I decided to not worry about this.
It took quite awhile to get steam coming out of the vent, but eventually it did.
I let it vent for the 7 minutes and then put the weight on.
It took forever for it to build 10 pounds of pressure after placing the weight on.
I processed for 15 minutes (tomatoes) and turned off the heat.
45 MINUTES LATER I was still at 5 pounds of pressure according to the gauge, and it was midnight.
I did what you are never supposed to do and pulled the weight off before the canner had depressurized.
The result was that my jars exploded contents out the top, which was entirely my fault, but still a bummer.
I tried another batch the following day with a single layer of jars and it went quicker and better.
This means that you don't have to run the pressure gauge to the extension office every year to be tested for accuracy.
On the other hand, for hardcore canners this is great.
I grew up in a farm family where canning was survival.
I knew I wanted a product that was solid and did NOT have a rubber seal if one was even out there.
I chose the All-American for that main reason.
Reviews were good, got mine on sale 46% off, so I took the plunge.Well, the canner is HEAVY.
Company website said "sand casted" which means it was made by pouring the metal into a form making it solid.
It's not smooth and slick like some others I"ve seen, but that was ok with me.
I don't mind that since it's a manufacturing difference.
It has the "jiggle" weight on top which  I also wanted.
Since I have dexterity issues, that's a problem for me.
I cannot can without someone else in the house to get this lid off the thing when it's done.
Now, that may be solely user error on my part, but it's still a problem for me.
Also, it doesn't sit FLAT on the base.
It's a physics thing with metal to metal lids, but it freaked me out a little till I called the company.
It's even in my directions, but I didn't believe it.
:)  (check out the update below...PROBLEM SOLVED)The instructions are really good, but laid out a bit funny in the book, I thought.
I had to get the smaller canner just for that reason.
The taller ones wouldn't fit so that I could maneuver the lid off safely.
I no longer have a problem with sticking lids.
Either I've figured out how to grease the lid OR it began fitting with use, but either way.....problem solved.
I like it much better than the ones with the rubber gasket.
It's well made, and it does its job VERY well.
I have recommended it to many of my friends since writing the original review.
I've called the manufacturer twice (both times it was something I'd done) and they are SUPER helpful and kind.
So, I feel this is an extremely worthwhile purchase, and I LOVE it.
I've only used it once but everything went smoothly and operated with zero glitches.
Forget buying expensive cans of meat.This thing works great and its made in Wisconsin.
I have never canned anything in my life and I have probably done 14 quarts so far with only one failure.
And if you think that &#34;Boiled Meat&#34; in a jar sounds disgusting? So did I.
Wrongo!!! You may never want to eat meat cooked any other way again.
I add chicken, or bee boullion depending on what I am canning.Dont buy a cheap foreign one.
This one does NOT HAVE TO BE WATCHED because of the weighted valve.
Leave it to your kids when you die because it will outlast you!.
No leakage at all with no gasket to ever worry about.
I have canned a few messes of green beans with it and it worked flawlessly.
This pressure canner is of very high quality.
The first time I opened the box and took it out, I can see the big difference with the one I currently have.
I am so happy that I don't have to be concerned with the gasket anymore.
I was successful with my first try but the second time I used it, I was a bit more careless.
If you're looking for a quality product that you can be proud to own, I would very hghly recommend this device.
I got this cheaper here than stores around me.
Used it a lot already and found no problems or flaws....its heavy when loaded.
I forgot about that but I really love the fact that I can store my own goods again.
I bought this as a surprise gift for my wife.
She uses it for meals and canning, and she's done so much with it, now she wants a LARGER size.
I didn't know they made a larger size!  This is made TOUGH, and it's large.
It's heavy, so cleanup may take a large sink and you need to exercise a bit of care.
My wife uses it for things I didn't know you could do in a pressure cooker.
When I got it I was looking for things to can just to use it.
It uses a finely machined metal to metal surface to seal the lid.
Not much more to add to all the positive reviews.
This is a heavy duty pressure canner that will be going strong for decades.
I am teaching my teen daughter to can and plan to pass this canner on to her one day.
HAVE BEEN JUST DOING  JUST HOT WATER CANNING.
WANT TO START DOING OTHER TYPES OF CANNING THAT REQUIRE HIGHER HEAT AND PRESSURE THAT ONLY A PRESSURE COOKER CAN ACHIEVE.
IT HAS BEEN TOO HOT IN SO CAL TO USE IT.
I have had this canner for about 20 years and it was far from new when I got it.
I had always wanted a pressure canner, and doing research on them back then (before the internet) was not easy.
I saw "pressure canner and jars for sale" in a local "Penny Saver" type of paper.
I used it for several years before a friend of mine moved to a retirement community and gave me her pressure canner.
That is when I learned that this ALL-AMERICAN is THE one to get.
I only use that non-ALL-American one when I have so much food to process that I need 2 canners.
The ALL-AMERICAN is so safe, and so simple.
Plus they continue to be thicker than many other pressure canners (compare the weight against the 23 qt.
If you are serious about canning then get this serious canner.
The USDA has changed some of the times and pressures involved in safely canning food.
The USDA has also recommended not using the 64 oz.
(1/2 gallon) jars any longer as the temperature does not always reach all of the food canned in those large jars (which I personally loved).
The also recommend acidifying all tomatoes because the newer varieties of tomatoes are less acidic than tomatoes used to be, etc.
Over the last 6months I've eaten one whole batch and it tastes as good as beef from a slow cooker.
In-fact I have to restrain myself from eating too much, it's just too easy to have a quick good beef meal.
at $199.99 it was best canner I could find.
Don't buy a cheap pressure canner!!  This product is a quality piece that will last for generations.
If you plan on doing any amount of canning on a regular basis, I would recommend nothing smaller than a pressure canner this size.
Also, if you consider going larger than this size, keep in mind how heavy it is to move especially when hot.
When full, this canner is very heavy and awkward to move around.
When I first ordered this canner, I wasn't sure if I would be able to maintain a steady pressure with my &quot;pulsating&quot; flat-top stove.
With the thick aluminum walls, I have no problems at all.
Once at pressure, it is very easy to maintain the required pressure without having to constantly vent off excess pressure.
The owner's manual recommends one to four jiggles per minute.
It takes longer for this canner to cool down than others due to the thick walls.
I factor this in to my processing time.
It will maintain it's pressure (15 psi) for almost another 10 minutes with the burner off.
This canner is designed to fit 7 quart jars perfectly.
If your looking for a canner, this is it!.
I finally made this purchase after first ridding myself of the fear of pressure canning.
LOL! This All American works great and will be used in my family for years to come!.
I decided to buy this one because if I am going to invest in canning I wanted to go top of the line.
That is why I did All American instead of Presto.
I was nervous as heck when I got this after reading some reviews.
Just read the directions in the booklet and you will be fine.
I have used this for pressure canning and water bath canning.
When my son was home from college I had him move it to the stove when it was filled with water.
This unit fits on my burner and under the microwave just fine.Just looking at and touching this thing you can see and feel the quality.
This pressure cooker is huge and will last a life time.
When buying a product please try to purchase an american made product and keep jobs at home.
Sweet! But also worth buying at regular price if you don't care about sales.The construction of this thing is super sturdy and heavy.
It's like they took a huge hunk of heavy aluminum and drilled a hole in it to make a pot.
I guess you could use it in your home gym as a weight when not canning.
Perfect.My wife was nervous about a pressure canner in general because of an experience with one blowing its top when she was younger.
That one she had as a child sealed its top with simple clamp down clips like the Presto brand.
This one seems like a strong hold because the threaded bolts lock the heavy lid down super tight.
I don't see there being a chance of this thing even remotely exploding.
With that said I probably won't use the product until the summer when I'm canning.
Would recommend it for small and large canning needs.
I have used this canner several times since my purchase.
It works very well, but the only drawbackis its weight.
I had to have my husband lift it for me.
Very solid canner able to double stack quart jars for a total of 14, and it will indeed fit 19 regular mouth pint jars.
I am new to canning and am very impressed with the quality of this canner.....very sturdy and thick food grade aluminum.
It takes time to get up to pressure, but once there, it holds pressure steady.
I have tried putting coconut oil, Vaseline, and olive oil on the seal prior to pressurizing it.
Olive oil wins hands down; at least for me.
It is easy to apply and the lid comes off easily once the canner has depressurized.
Also, a little vinegar in the canner water has worked well to prevent clouding of the glass jars and discoloring of the canner itself.
I've just started canning - my mother has been canning for years and insisted on the All-American brand as opposed to cheaper brands.
I bought this canner for my mom and it's fantastic.
She's been canning everything you can imagine for at least fifty years, so she knows a few things about the process.
She'd been wanting a good pressure canner to replace a worn out Presto and this one fit the bill and more.
For the record, it works just fine with quart jars and also works just fine on her glass-topped electric range.
I have a microwave that also serves as a venthood over my stove, so am limited in height.
but this canner fits perfectly.Some have mentioned difficulty removing the lid.
It's absolutely vital that once the pressure drops to zero, to lift the lid.
If you don't, pressure inside continues dropping, causing a suction that will make it near impossible to remove.
This pressure cooker arrived about 30 minutes ago.
You did what you said you would do.
Getting to the pressure cooker/canner I told my wife that the next time I fly I want her to pack me in this thing.
If the plane goes down I will be just fine.
I can't wait to try it tomorrow when I return to the garden for beans, peas, and okra.RogerAll-American 21-1/2-Quart Pressure Cooker/Canner.
Seems very well made and is very sturdy.
I do not see ever needing to replace it.
I like that it was made in the USA, worth the extra money.
Of all the purchases I've ever made, this has to rank near the top of the one's I'm proudest of.
I'm not one to gush over products and people don't seem to like it, but too bad.
If I were to sell it today I'd get at least $300 for it.
I hope when they begin to make self-actualized robots they make them like this.One thing though, the 41 1/2 quarts are heavy.
I put mine up on the stove first, then load the jars.
I purchased this to replace my old water-canner (and to add the ability to can low acid foods).
The old water canner didn't fit my burner, and scorched my stove because it actually hung over the edge of the burner.
This definitely fits much nicer.The only thing I am not clear about is WHEN the pot first reaches the appropriate pressure.
I will continue to experiment!It seems like a sturdy pot, and I like not having to deal with a rubber gasket.
This pot is probably bigger than I will ever need, but I have it just in case.
The AAPC is the best unit on the market for my money.
I can about 2,000+ jars a year so I know my equipment.
The AAPC's are made in the USA and its built like a tank.
Boiling hot liquids, steam and glass under 15lbs of pressure make  that a very good thing.
All AAPC units are heavy for their size..again that is a good thing.
Look at what they weigh before you buy...plan on unloading jars on the stove instead of moving them loaded...it's no big deal.
Make sure you have a burner large enough "around" for the unit base.
If you have one of the small units you should not have any problems.
Follow the first time use directions carefully or you can ruin the seat.
These are safe and easy to use, don't be intimidated.
Loosen the two clamp screws with a paper towel wrapped flat head and let it sit for a few.
Always wrap your screw driver...this is aluminum it protects the metal.
Always use with the label facing you do not remove the label...match the pot and lid arrows up.
If you don't that,  you will get uneven seals, uneven wear on the knobs and lots more vapor locks.
Tighten the two clamp screws if need be.
IF you process a great deal of low acid quarts spend the extra money and buy the double stack quart units like the 930 model.
A little research goes a long way for sizes.
I had to buy a second unit the 930 (14-16 quarts) to make it time efficient.
You will get mild to heavy mineral buildup depending on your water supply.
Do not use just anything to clean them.
Aluminum and cleaning products are not always good friends.
chemical reactions and pitting can occur and use a soft sponge or such.
Pressure cookers are cheap comparatively..pressure canners like these...not so much.
If you buy an AAPC and don't use it,  put it on craigslist and you can sell it in a day.
when finished just unscrew them a little, let them lay down and lift off the lid.
I've canned for 40 years and this is the best thing I use!.
I hesitated to spend so much money but I'm glad I did.
If you think about things like homesteading or &#34;prepping&#34; you don't want to be looking for a rubber gasket down the road.
I canned about 40 jars of venison in it and wow, I'm pleased.
This was my first ever attempt at canning and it went well.BE AWARE-this is not for use on ceramic top stoves.
I simply bought a propane camp stove and do outside or in the garage.
works great.If you are serious about preserving your own food buy this, buy big, and never buy again.
If that doesn't work, it may be that one side is a fraction lower.
Wrap a screwdriver in a dish towel, and gently pry one side, and then the other, then try opening again.Everything else is easily found online.
There is no pressure canner made as PERFECT as the All American.
It's made in the United States, and the QUALITY can not be beat.
I did all the research before purchasing my All American, and I can tell you, it lives up to it's reputation.
Although it cost more than the others I have purchased, it is the best purchase of a canner I have ever made.
I had read many reviews on this product before choosing.
The canner itself is heavy-duty and the instructions are detailed.
It did arrive with a few scratches, but nothing that affects it's performance.
It is solid and heavy duty, just what a pressure canner should be.
This 21.5qt size is perfect, fits under my average height range hood with plenty of clearance.
It also allows me to process quit a few jars at once, which is a huge plus.
So easy to use, I can not stress this enough.
It is a pleasure to use, I feel like I have a new favorite toy.
You will not be disappointed with this one.
I bought this last year and have been really pleased with it.
I am another person who has terrified of pressure cookers/canners.
This has relieved my fear--in fact, canning is sort of turning into a hobby.
It's heavy, it has the screw on lid, it has both the weight and the gauge, and it has pressure responsive pop ups.
If I was ever going to feel safe it was with this product.
Still I managed to be pretty terrified the first couple of times I used it.
I can not recommend the All-American and all the good things that came with home canning highly enough.
This has gotten 2 years of canning on it with no problems.
It is very well made and designed well.
I have owned the large (12 qt) expensive electric cookers along with a variety of on-the-stove-top models.
I happen to have a Viking Range and it's almost impossible to get the exact jiggles/min that the instructions talk about.
One millimeter up or down on my gas stove knobs will cause it to stop jiggling altogether or more frequently.
Just get it so it does not exceed the 15 pounds of pressure on the gauge and it will work just fine.
If you only cook small batches once in a while then you might find this tank to be more than you need.
This is our first Pressure Canner - and we LOVE IT.
Some of the complaints online say that it is too complicated/hard to understand, but we have found it to be very simple to use.
The metal on metal seal is amazing, and means that we will never have to worry about a seal wearing out and causing canning problems.
We could not be happier with this purchase.
I have several brands of canners, and I do like this one.
It is a great size for canning small amounts or overflow from my big canner.
I like the triple weight gauge and the sturdiness of this one.
Big enough to can 7 quart jars and 14 pint jars.
The main reason that I purchased a pressure canner was to can tomatoes and some low acid veggies.
This canner is made in the USA and not some cheap China made.
Don't worry about it exploding it locks tight.
I love this pot and couldn't live without it.
Though I still haven't found the right place to store this, it's size is so perfect for me.
I look forward to the day that I can pull out a couple of jars and say to anyone who wants to eat.
getting warming it up.&#34; And I get to walk away.
We had a comical experience the first time we used it, only because no one was hurt.
Smarty-pants we were, we didn't read the instructions.
It worked great for the first few runs, then the lid became progressively harder to open.
We wound up prying it off with a screw driver [turns out that IS an accepted solution in their manual].
The last time, though, it blew and scalded and unknowing husband walking by.
Serves him right for being in the kitchen with a bunch of women.
I finally read the instructions and learned you have to use some vaseline now and then along the contact points.
All the reviewer's pointers and the thorough instruction booklet that came along with the canner made me confident enough to dive in.
Except for the "banker's hours" of customer service, they were quite helpful and always polite.
No jiggle, and your canner has not reached the pressure indicated on the 3 position weighted gauge, no matter what the dial gauge says.
One is that the weighted gauge is too easy to lose as it's a little separate piece.
I make it a strict procedure to store it in the canner when not in use, but it's still a point of concern for me.
I have jury-rigged a measure to control that, I tie a string around the top of the canner over the screw-downs.
This is basically free and works beautifully but looks.
well, what can I say, it looks so crude and makeshift that it makes a MacGyverd device look elegant and sophisticated.
I am concerned about inadvertently adding aluminum in my diet, so I never use aluminum pots, pans or utensils for cooking.
I always would have loved to use my pressure canner as a pressure cooker, but never have.
Well, now I have solved the problem.I have acquired a stainless steel Bain Marie with a lid.
It's about two inches less in diameter than my canner and about an inch less in height.
I acquired mine at a restaurant supply store so I could measure for myself.
I have in the past allowed the stock pot to simmer away for days on end.
That can occasionally be inconvenient and some family members tired of the odor.
I researched this pressure canner for almost two years before I took the plunge and parted with a large sum of cash.
You never can find parts these days - instead, you have to plunk down another large chunk of cash on a new canner.
You'll never have that issue with this beast!.
This is the best pressure canner on the market.
Canned over 700 jars of food first season used.
This Pressure Cooker/Canner works great! - Be sure to read and understand all safety issues in your manual.
- -After a 1 1/2 weeks of meat canning we opened one of the canned jars and had a delicious meal with it.
Needless to say, I'm still here to write about it.
-The main thing, have all the tools or whatever you'll need together before you start and work in a clean environment.
The pressure canner is big enough for like 14 pint-sized Mason jars.
It is very sturdy and gets the job done.
If you need a pressure cooker/canner, this brand is the best there is.
This patrticular model which I own is perfect for smaller canning runs.
The sealing system is easy and the metal/metal seals are super reliable.
As others have noted it is heavy but that helps keep the temperature constant.
The thick walls are great for retaining heat.
This canner will last you a lifetime - well worth the investment.
I have just received my All American 30quart Pressure Canner.
It was just as advertised and shipping was exactly as projected.I ordered on Saturday afternoon and had the canner in the house by Wednesday afternoon.
I gave the canner a trial run with just water inside.
Three inches turned out to be about 6 quarts, but I had seven quarts of water in the bottom.
The lid was very simple and easy to put on and I had no trouble with it at all.
There was a very small steam leak on the right-hand handle side but it did not prevent pressure building and  being maintained.
I did use olive oil around the rim  of the seal.
I brought the water from cool up to 'venting' and turned down the heat until the steam flowed steadily but gently.
After 10 minutes of venting I put on the pressure regulator and turned up the heat.
I gave it 15 minutes at 15 lbs.
I learned how the regulator is supposed to jiggle/sputter/rock about 1-4 times a minute.
It took very little heat to maintain pressure.
The lid fitted on smoothly and this time there wasn't the slightest puff of steam or anything.
It came up to pressure pretty quickly after the venting and the regulator jiggled correctly.
After the processing time and the pressure had dropped the regulator was removed and then later the jars.
I didn't want to risk a vacuum so taking the regulator off fixed that.
I'm a stickler for high quality buy it once and own it for a lifetime kind of guy.
Like my title says, they'll probably bury me in this baby.
I'm also a stickler for buying American whenever possible and this is made right here in the good old U.S.
I've only water bath canned in the past but pressure canning with this high quality device should be a snap.
It comes with a really great instruction book with recipes included.
I also purchased the Ball book on canning and the Dummies book, both recommended.
The picture on Amazon doesn't match the unit I received.
The manufacturer has upgraded the lid handle to a molded Bakelite piece and it's solid as a rock.
I can't wait for my veggie garden and peach trees to start over producing so that I can break this puppy in.
I'll also enjoy knowing exactly what is (and isn't) in my jars.
as it will bind about 1/3 of the way down.
Anyone know of a really high quality stainless rack that fits this?.
I'm sure all of the other reviewers have covered the same thing.
This thing is a tank and will last forever.
I ended up with 3 coming all the way off and they would NOT screw back on.
That was the only caveat to the whole thing.
I think its too big for my Coleman camp stove.
I haven't had any problems with the lid like other postings described.
We used olive oil instead of vaseline to keep the lid lubricated as this was an option in the instructions.
I wasn't sure if I'd ever double stack the pints but then second time using it, I actually did when doing beans.
It was nice to have the flexibility to process a bigger batch all at once.
It does take longer than you think with start up time, processing, and then cool down time.
I think later that I will buy the smaller size canner when I have a new stove.
So far we have canned potatoes and green beans with it, and then peaches using it as a hot water bath.
Other postings described how heavy it is and while its not light, its not tragically heavy either.
It's not like you move it around while its full.
Maybe it will be too heavy for me when I'm in my 70's but maybe I won't be canning then either!.
I was so nervous, but it worked so well, no worries.
It will last me a lifetime and several other's life times!.
In the past, I have only canned fruits and used the water bath canner.
This past fall i wanted to can venison.
So I researched which one would can a large amount at one time and what was the most reliable.
The All-American has a very good reputation and is well reviewed by many.
I bought it and do not regret it.
I have a canner from 1940 that had no pressure gauge on it.
I could not find a replacement and therefore, had to purchase a new one.
It is big! It is heavy! It is heavy duty! I am sure I will be giving this to my daughter someday.
I did some research and went into the local urban homestead/farm stores in town to see what I wanted.
I eventually settled on a weighted gauge model, which was NOT cheap, but way cheaper here than in my local stores.
This thing is solid -- the body appears to be milled from a single piece of aluminum and the handles/knobs are nicely substantial.
Once I figured out how to use it, it's surprisingly easy to use if you have some sort of canning background.
The box the canner came in specifically says that you are not supposed to use it with glass/ceramic cooktops.
With the propane burner, it works like a dream.
This year we decided to expand our garden and was looking for a good canner to can our vegetables.
Once the canner arrived I knew I made the right choice.
Just one look at this canner and you know it is something that will last generations.Cons:Nothing.
Definitely one of those, well worth the money items.
I debated whether or not to get this one or a cheaper pressure canner and decided on this one.
Heavy duty and I can see why these cooker/canners are still in use for 30 plus years.
No rubber seal to worry about, heavy so it holds temperature with less flexuations and I like the weight and gauge that come with it.
I've used it 5 times on a glass stove top without any problems.
This pressure cooker/canner will be with me for many years to come.
This sturdy little canner is wonderful for those mini harvest days.
The old saying, &#8220;You get what you pay for&#8221; certainly holds true with this canner.
Does a great job and easy to use.
I bought this because it was on sale for $99.
At that point in my life, I hadn't canned anything since about when Skylab fell out of the sky.
But it was on sale, and deep down inside myself this was ingrained as something important to own.Fast forward to 2011.
Years of buildup led to me finally canning again.
It's been scary, since I could die from mistakes.
And what I've quickly come to learn is that this thing is tiny.
Absolutely positively just far too small.It's a good canner.
Easy to clean, a real regulator (a weight that wobbles), and a non-screw type lid.
Size is the only problem, so I say buy a bigger model than this one.
I wasn't sure I would like this pressure canner because it was so light weight, but it is just right for my glass-topped range.
I have used it all summer and it works very well for pint and quart jars.
It is not tall enough to cover jars for open boiling, however.
If you want an economical pressure canner, this is a good investment.
I've wanted one of these for a long time and finally got my hands on one.
Circulon's ridges makes it wonderfully non-stick so I use very little oil for all my cooking needs.
On weekends I love to start the day with scrambled eggs, some fried ham alongside it, and a rasher of toast with English style tea.
This is handy, reasonably priced, and easy to use and maintain.
As a native of Texas, I inherited a great Chili con Carne recipe from my mom.
For years, I made this chili in an old black skillet or &quot;spider&quot; as my dad called it.
The skillet produced a great chili, but I always had a big mess on the top of the stove afterward.
Juices spattered everywhere while the chili simmered (even on low heat).
No other pot worked as well, because as every chili-maker knows, one of the keys to good chili is a frying pan with heft.
The deep sides of this pan allow me to make the chili with a minimum of mess.
I fry the meat and onions and add my other ingredients and presto, the best pot of chili ever.
And, best of all, no more metal taste.
Goodbye black skillet (you were too heavy for my arthritic wrists anyway) and hello Circulon.
I imagine this pot will come in handy for many dishes that require frying and then simmering.
According to the directions, I can place the pot in the oven.
So, roast beef and potatoes can't be far behind!  And, I'll stir fry too.
Rinses clean in hot water, easy to cook with.
I'm so impressed with this wok that I have bought several over the years to give as gifts.
The 11&quot; size is perfect for the average American home stove.
The 12&quot; wok is a tad big if your stovetop is not a professional stovetop.I can't say good enough things about this wok.
I'm ready for my second wok!  The first one has lasted 11 years, and it's still going strong.
I want another one, so it's easier to prepare full Chinese course meals.
I have several other pieces of Circulon cookware, (2 quart sauce pot/pan) 12&quot; skillet, 11&quot; skillet, and now the &quot;Stir Fry Pan&quot; (Wok).
Circulon non-stick cookware is the best non-stick cookware I've ever used and I highly recommend it.
It's worth the money at full price, so a sale is way too good to pass up!.
In short, it's an incredible design that solves many problems typically found in the kitchen.
Thhis saucier does not disappoint in any way.
Shaped well, easy to clean, beautiful and cooks like a dream!  Love it!.
This is the most versatile pot I own.
I'm always astounded at the price of good kitchen items nowadays, but in this case, I will grudgingly admit that it's worth it.
The lid fits down into the pan, reducing the amount of water needed.
As another reviewer wrote: Kitchen Aid got it right with this one.
I own a set and some extra pieces of KitchenAid 5-Ply SS Clad cookware, and this is my favorite piece.
Read the reviews, then go and splurge on it--it will last you a lifetime!!!.
The distribution of heat in this pan is super!Great for gravies and sauces.
I have found it practical for stir fry and other similar cooking.
Stir frying can reduce fats and is usually a pretty healthy way to eat a wide variety of veggies and other delightful ingredients.
I even use it to pop brown rice or basmati rice.
Ever tried hot puffed rice? Sometimes I eat it just like pop corn but often just for a different way of serving rice.
This pan is deep enough with or without the lid to keep it from popping out of the pan (depending how much you start with).
It is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to 500 degrees.
as good as Allclad (I have them both) and looks as good.
This is a pot that you need in your kitchen.
GReat for sauces, the sloped sides make it easy to incoporate ingredients.
I bought this saucier after a sugar sauce I was making in a cheaper pan turned to carbon.
It does sauces wonderfully well, as I would expect from this Kitchenaid line.
(Nine years later, I can report that the pan lasted much longer than the marriage, and all the below still applies.
Even though the pan has been grossly abused many times, it still looks as good as when I got it.
Prompting this update, just tonight I forgot about sesame and poppy seeds toasting away while I was cutting other things.
(No, you are wrong, I DO actually have a life.)Testimonial on construction: Recently, while sauteing some onions and garlic, I got called away.
Lets see: thirty years of use at twice per week = 5 cents per delightful encounter, and then I'll let my kids fight over it.
This is one of the best pans I have ever owned.
The weight, heat distribution, finish, materials and feel are all excellent.
I've already noticed a difference in the way a couple sauces finished up in this pan compared to what I have been using.
I've had a set of Circulon for about ten years and continue to buy new pieces from time to time.
But for everything else - from soupmaking to sauteeing - these are the pans to get.
I still cook eggs in the first Circulon pan I ever bought.
(Usually it isn't.)This open skillet is one of my most recent pieces of Circulon.
Very nice for things like cooking vegetables in a little butter, or reducing a sauce, or cooking a large portion of eggs.
I have several Circulon pans that still look and perform like new after several years of use.
If you read &amp; follow the care instructions, you won't experience the problems that some users have reported.
These sprays burn at very low temperatures, creating a surface residue that may affect the pan's nonstick performance.
If you prefer to use oil for flavor, olive oil or peanut oil is recommended.
Heavy vegetable oils may leave residue that can affect nonstick performance.
Use a mild dishwashing detergent and warm water.
This will remove food and grease particles that may burn when your pan is reheated.
If food remains on the surface, boil a mixture of water and vinegar to dislodge food particles.&quot;.
IT's AFFORDABLE! I bought a Circulon starter set after throwing away yet another cheapie set.
I splurged and shopped for the Circulon set.
I got one of these from an overstock website a few weeks ago.
Same as this but a little different color for %75 off amazon's price.
I had never had a quality blender before this thing and did'nt even know it.
I was nieve and young and never looked beyond my local Walmart when shopping for appliances for my Wedding registry.
I assumed all blenderes were like that and accepted it.
but only once a year or so used my blender because I was so dissapointed in it.
I just stumbled upon this great deal at one of my favorite overstock website and couldn't resist.
My plastic blender had finally broken completely and I used it as an excuse to spluge.
And boy am I and my hubbie both glad I did!!!!I made daquiris and they came out so smooth even my hubbie was impressed.
It is so powerful and although it is a little loud I am proud of my blender.
I have since been making smoothies, drinks and shakes atleast twice a week and love it.
I even caught my husband making a shake with this thing.
IT may sound silly but I spoil my husband and he never goes in the kitchen to do anything.
He works more than 70hrs a week and doesn't do much when he's home.
So for  him to actually make something with a kitchen appliance really says something about its ease of use.
This is all you need and it will handle it all.
To pulse just switch from low to off fast.
I am impressed with the actual metal base housing which is heavy and The Glass jar too.
I will never go back to cheap Walmart appliances again.
I've used this blender about 45 times, mostly on frozen bananas with milk or yogurt.
It works.Some reviewers have had problems with splashing.
The instructions say to hold the lid down.
I turn the blender on with one hand and hold the lid down with my other hand.
The inside of the lid does get splashed.
Tiny splashes come though the little hole, which I can't see as unusual or problematic.I'm very happy.
Like many other reviewers here on Amazon, my Kitchenaid blender's rubber drive teeth broke off after less than 2 years use.
Makes very smooth smoothies and marguaritas in seconds.
Sounds like a portable jet engine, but unless you're running the bar at a party, you won't need hearing protection.
This blender is loud, but does a decent job.
My old blender would get stuck constantly and have to be jiggled.
The carafe is nice and heavy and it cleans up easily.
It makes my kitchen work so much easier.
When I make smoothies it blends like a dream.
One huge point in its favor is it's MADE IN THE USA.
I was thrilled to find something of such quality still made here.
I will have this for years, but when I buy my next blender it will be this one.
Sturdy steal and not going to break any time soon.
Would have given it higher score but if you put too much in it you have to stop and stir it constantly.
I purchased this at a huge discount during a one day sale.
It has worked flawlessly for me over the last year or so.
The red color is deep and slightly metallic and looks great on my bar.
All the components are built well and very solid.
The heavy glass pitcher pours easily, the one slight gripe I have is the lid.
It is made from a slightly flexible rubber with a clear plastic cap insert.
It seals fine but the cap insert doesn't lock in too well, it can separate from the lid when removing from pitcher.
That's something that could've been designed a bit better.
Also the black lid itself is engineered with many ribs on the underside which add to it's stability but make cleaning a challenge.
One tip on breaking it in: When I first started using it the unit whined really loudly, very annoying and unexpected.
I thought it would smooth out with use and it has.
I ran it empty with the pitcher attached for a few minutes on high and since then the whining noise has disappeared entirely.
It ate the stainless coating right off the metal cap holding the blade to the base.
Now it's sort of half silver and half brass looking.
Reading the other waring blender reviews I can see that it is a topic of a very polarizing nature.
Some people love the simplicity of the Waring while others curse it and swear by their Kitchenaids.
After months of deliberation I finally pulled the trigger and ordered the PBB201, finding it refurbished for less than the price a new carafe.
After making some cocktails and smoothies with it I was happy with the results.
This blender would have earned 5 stars but the regular retail price is way too high.
If you can find it for half off I would recommend it.
If you like the way "traditional" blenders are designed, with screw off bottoms, stop reading.
It's simply a jar with a non-removable blade fastened in the bottom; the only thing that comes off is the lid.
To clean it, you simply fill with water(add a very tiny amount of soap since it foams majorly) and whir it a few times.
It does seem POWERFUL but the result isn't good blending.
Since the blender is very lightweight, this process was reasonably fast and, for my limited needs, acceptable.
I was worried it would annoy me not to see the progress of the blending but so far that has not been an issue.
Great one-piece design which eliminates hassle of screw-on bottom2.
Nice metal switch for on/off and speed change, instead of those annoying press buttons that get gummy and dirtyThings I don't like:1.
Doesn't blend particularly well ...Blades are small and don't seem to have good reach2.
The top has a little plastic center and small amounts of liquid seep through it during blending.3.
This is really nice for my almond milk because it makes a really nice frothy liquid.
I didn't like the foam on my frozen lemonade.
I have vintage Jade-ite dishes and green Depression glass in my Art Deco themed kitchen.
Can I just say that this blender is awesome.
Alternate between off and low if you want to pulse.
You don't need a dozen buttons on your blender to make an awesome mudslide.
My old blender was dying a slow painful death.
To my surprise it devoured the ice in moments and walla! A coffee frap.A glass pitcher was surprisingly quieter then my previous plastic model.
The rubber lid fit nice and slug and hasn't shown any sign of leaking.
The base is easy to clean and doesn't allow for any liquids to leak into the innards.
The cord is long enough for any kitchen, though I thought black was a strange collar, since most small appliances have white.
(the reason I didn't give it 5 stars.) The detents are hardly noticeable to the touch and wouldn't surprise me if it fails.
The seal around the blade shaft leaks, but seals back up once you run the blender.
I guessing it shrinks a bit when it sets idle on the counter, and may stop or gets worse as time goes by.
Thank you, nice product and a very good price! My family uses it a lot and they just love it! Thank you!.
The blender has a powerful motor and runs quieter then any blender I've had before.
I like the slim design, it takes up less room on my counter.
The two speed switch makes using it simple, no guessing which setting you need for what.
I am very pleased with this purchase and would buy one again.
I came to Amazon to compare blenders and planned on going out to a local store to get one.
I read the reviews of the Waring and saw how 90+% of the people loved it.
So the Chili Red Waring arrives today and I am really wondering if it will chop my ice up.
Our previous three cheapo blenders stated they chopped up ice, but never did, so I was skeptical.
I opened up the package and couldn't believe that there were only 3 parts, surely something was missing.
But looking at the picture on the box, I became convinced it was all there.
The heavy glass jar with the built in blade was impressive.
I read their manual in a minute, as there was  not much to it.
I followed the directions for their Orange Julius  smoothie and was I surprised.
The instructions said to put in 10 ice cubes last, and then to turn it on HI for 2 minutes.
Was this real? Is that actually possible?  In less than 30 seconds it pulverized the ice and made a smoothie.
Next time I will add more ice to make it more slushy because it works so darn well.
Course time will tell if the motor holds up well, but I have never had a blender handle ice like it was nothing.
And at the price for the chili red one, you can't beat it.***Here it is, 11 months later, October 2003.
Chopping up the ice like it did when it was new.
It made many pina coladas and margaritas over the summer and never gave me a problem.
The price increase is a bit much though, from when I bought it.
I can't claim it's a steal anymore, so try to find a color they want to get rid of.
It actually still works, but I found a deal on a Kitchen Aid which has a bigger container and I packed this one up.
I love this thing! I had another similar Waring blender for about 6 years and I broke the glass carafe when I dropped it.
It makes smoothies, sauces, grinds ice; it just does what it's supposed to.
I use a blender about 3-4 times a week, every week, and this brand is the best.
I guess the motor might seem loud to some people, but I don't notice it.
I bought a Waring 12 years ago, (back when it was 100% USA Made).
It does everything well except crush ice without liquid,  I rarely do that.
My gets pressed into service making mole's, chili sauces,  soups, many other sauces and general all round kitchen duties.
It has the three speeds you need, off, low and high.
GOOD OLD FASHIONED HEAVY DUTY BLENDER WITH NO FRILLS.
HAS  A SLEEK DESIGN, POWERFUL MOTOR, SIMPLE 2 SPEED SWITCH AND I DON'T DUCK MY HEAD AND RUN WHEN GRINDING UP ICE.
THIS ONE SHOULD BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME.
This blender works very well, doing everything we need out of a blender.
It's very sturdy, looks great, and is made in the USA.
After buying this I think I will try other products by Waring.
I used it almost every day, so I feel I almost got my money out of it.
I bought this Waring blender (PBB201) to replace a Kitchen Aid that I just bought a year and a half ago.
The on/off button on the Kitchen Aid NEVER worked right, but the box it came in was destroyed, so I kept it.
This blender is enjoyable to use and very easy to clean, too.
My grandmother died before she had to replace hers, but my mother is on her third cheap blender now.
I expect my Waring Blendor to last the rest of my life.
Fortunately, I was able to get my grandmother's Waring Blendor Cookbook from the forties.
It is about forty years old but still works great, and it was obviously used quite a bit.
This powerful inexpensive blender is PERFECT for summer smoothies.
I've long been interested in having a really great blender.
Something that will crush ice, puree soup, make smoothies for breakfast or snacks and of course blend up a nice margarita.
:)I looked at dozens of blenders, and finally chose the Waring bar model in stainless based on design, other reviews and power.
I have always been afraid of breaking the glass on other blenders I have owned, and in fact have broken one.This blender is just lovely.
It is loud, but because it is so powerful and simply *works*, you don't have to run it very long anyway.
There are no plastic buttons to get sticky and goopy.
One *metal* switch and two settings are plenty.Rather than the &quot;turn to lock the jar in&quot; method that most blenders use, this one drops in.
You can't do it &quot;wrong&quot; -- it just won't go in if you have the canister turned the wrong way.
The jar, which does need to be held steady with one hand, never kicks or bucks when crushing ice.
You never feel like the machine is going to burn up or fly off the counter.
It looks good, cleans easily and is easy to use.
What more does anyone need in a blender? I can't think of a thing.
The blender is seems a bit smaller but I think it is just the design that makes it shorter.
32 ounces of puree, salad dressing, or a smoothie in about 10 seconds or less from quartered vegetables or fruit.
The power is awesome and the design means no more mucking about with the blade assembly to clean.
This is a solid appliance!  I've used this to make salsa, mixed drinks, crush ice.
Our home is an over 100 year old farm house, and the color and style goes great in my country kitchen.
This blender worked great for a little less than a year.
It was powerful and could chop ice in less than a minute.
But just before the year was up, it stopped working.
I could not get it fixed, so it was expensive for the length of time it lasted.
I am doing my new kitchen in 'retro' and decided on this blender.
I was cautious about it since some said it only had two speeds.
This blender is great!  It has quality thick heavy glass and a great retro look for the kitchen.
I'm a user of the review system and do not provide much.An ways, on to the review.
For best results with drinks, only fill with ice about 75%.
This thing needs no help.It is not quiet, but who cares.
If you need something with six or more options, you need a food processor.
Hint, right tool for the right job.Oh, and to those that complain about no interlock with the lid,  you need to stop drinking so much.
It's not that hard to figure out if the lid is on.
I've had this blender for over a year now, and wow!  It's the best, period.
It has also proven it self to be the most durable blender I've ever owned.
I am a bodybuilder, so I use it to blend protein shakes 2-3 times a day.Like people have said...it is very load.
Simply fill with some water, add a drop of soap, blend, rise, and you're done.
I firmly believe that glass blends better and cleans up better.
This makes it easier for those who make different drinks for people.
Allows someone to wash and get ready one blender jar while one is being used.
I bought this model as a replacement for an old Waring Futura series plastic based blender with seven (7), count them, seven different speeds.
I can confirm the opinion of every blender and smoothie cookbook writer I have read that all you really need is low and high.
I work as a chef and so am used to high-end blenders at work.
I wanted to find a good, durable blender for use at home.
This one did not disappoint.Dispenses with the pointless dozen speed buttons and limits you to "low" and "hi." Sturdy, durable base.
Sturdy glass carafe, with no disassembly required, which increases durability.
Flexible rubber lid fits very snug.For the price, this is about the best there is.
and I concurred.Right out of the box all you have to do is quickly wash the glass container and you're good to go.
A recipe book was included so I used the strawberry/banana recipe to make my first smoothie.
The blender has 3 options: off, low, and high.
The glass container fits on the base but not the tight locking fit of some blenders.
The ice and frozen strawberries were blended in with the banana, milk and yogurt.
It was smmmmooth and tasted grrrrrreat!Now comes the part that I hate: cleaning.
But cleaning this blender was a breeze because you don't have to take it apart; it is one unit.
You just pop the lid off, take it off the base, and rinse it (with light soap if you like).
This Waring blender has been around for decades.
The design and simplicity of it is what's made it a keeper for me.
I've owned this machine since the 80's and it's seen a lot of use.
Just purchased a replacement top- blender is terrific.
Would recommend it since it is glass except for the plastic top.
I've owned a dozen blenders over the past 30 years.
They all had their advantages and disadvantages, as does this one.
It was a good machine for drink blending, but was frustrating for foods.
If you look closely at the Oster container, the blades sit in an area recessed from the main container.
No problem for liquids, but semisolid things such as peanut butter will jam down in there.
I found that I constantly had to use a spatula to help dressings, dips, etc.
blend.When the Kitchen Aid blender was first introduced, I bought one.
It was a real disappointment from the start.
Finally I had a blender that did all I wanted!  I think that the trademark cloverleaf Waring design is more than hype.
It truly does pull food and heavy mixtures into the blades better than competing designs.
I think this is why it works so well.
Incidentally, I've found no problem whatsoever in not being able to take the blades out.
Because of the design, a drop of d/w liquid and hot water cleans out the bottom in a second or two.
The blender was made in China and was mostly plastic, frame and all.
I burned it up making dips one New Year's Eve.
Not for heavy duty use.I bought the Waring kitchen model, like this one but with a different design of container with removable blades.
I liked the machine but it didn't blend as well as my bar blender.
Again, this seemed apparent due to the different container design.
It has the original style container, a heavy duty motor, and has worked flawlessly for several years.
I purchased the stainless steel container as an accessory, but still use the glass one most of the time.
It also makes cleanup from spills and overflows much simpler than more elaborate models.
Waring makes great blenders and this one is exceptional.
The finish is cool and the glass blender is super high quality.
I would have had to buy an entire new blender.
From the looks of it, they didn't make the new ones any more robust so I decided to look at other brands.
Stumbled across Waring and did a little research.
Found out that Waring sells every part for every blender that it has made in the last 60 years.
That level of support combined with the favorable reviews led me to take the plunge.
Even so, don't plan on trying to watch TV or carry on a conversation with the thing running.
Luckily it does it's job pretty quick.Cleanup - FAR better than the kitchenaid.
No disassembly required; just put some hot water and a little dish soap in and run it a few seconds.
Dishwasher safe if you feel like it too.
Kitchenaid has the jar, lid, jar base, blade assembly, and gasket to fool with.
Lots of crevices for food to get stuck in.Performance - Simply a better performing blender.
Blends drinks to a much smoother consistency with no big ice chunks left behind.
I rarely have to do that with the Waring.
I don't have anything scientific to back this up, but I think it is a matter of geometry.
The Kitchenaid is a wide, squat jar where the contents seem to be able to find refuge from the whirling blades.
The Waring is taller & skinnier and it seems that nothing gets away from the blades.
The Waring has only two speeds while the Kitchenaid had five, but I don't really miss them at all.
The metal "gear" on the bottom is a press fit onto the shaft that connects to the blade.
When this loosens up (such as when an ice cube jams up the blade) there is no way to repair it.
If the Waring had a similar failure, the thing does come apart, the replacement part is about $4, and it is widely available.
Other than this, they both seem to be durable and rugged.
The Waring is by far superior to the blender it replaced.
It looks great, performs nearly perfect, and comes from a company with an excellent reputation and parts support.
I have had several blenders over the years - sunbeam, kitchenaid, hamilton and nothing compares to this.
The unique shape of the blades, the super powerful motor and the heavy duty carafe combined give you an excellent result.
It is a bit loud but most blenders are.
Oh I almost forgot to mention the suction cup feet, so it doesn't bounce around.
This is a serious blender made for serious blending and ice-crushing.
Yes, it's a little more expensive, but it's completely worth it.
I used to use the Waring HPB270N BlendFast Mega Pro Blender in my stores till I upgraded to the built in muffler model.
I took the old ones home-- however the noise was a bit too much for residential use.
Therefore I needed a blender that could crush ice smoothly yet remain quiet.
and runs almost as good as the 1 hp BlendFast.
I have an older version of this blender with a black base, but I love it.
It is very simple to use, with just two setting.
It does a wonderful job blending whatever I need it to and comes apart easily for cleaning.This thing is heavy duty.
I don't think I'll ever have to worry about it breaking down on me.
I would recommend this blender to anyone who needs a good blender in the kitchen without making it too complicated.
I used this item the first time to make a tomato sauce for a slowcooker recipie.
I filled the blender with chunks of carrots, onions, tomatoes, garlic and herbs.
It liquified them on high in under a minute.
Very easy to clean because there is no need to remove the blade assembly as it is part of the jar.
-No edges on the base to hold dirt and buildup.
The only thing I did not like was the industrial strength sticker placed on the base under the switch which was difficult to remove.
I had high expectations when I purchased a blender in this price range, this blender is better than I had expected.
We pre-make them by putting the fruit and other ingedients in individual feezer bags and keeping them in the freezer.
With this one, she just dumps in the bag of frozen fruit & stuff, adds a splash of juice, and seconds later it is done.
No hang ups or stalls, just powers right through.
It is relatively quiet to boot! (quiet for a blender at least)We have had ZERO problems and NO COMPLAINTS about this blender.
We have had it for about 6 months now and use it every weekday before we go to work.
I wish every product I bought met my expectectation as well as this one.Cleaning tip though, since bottom doesnt come off jar.
We fill about 3/5 with warm water and one drop of dish soap.
Works better than trying to scrub it with a long bottle brush.
Don't expect any blender to blend large ice cubes (from trays) starting out sitting on the blades.
Always put the soft stuff (fruit, etc.) on the bottom, and the ice on top.
I purchased an entire blender/carafe combo, as it was only about $30 more than the carafe alone.
After only 4 smoothies with the new carafe, the blade stopped spinning!  I had to tighten it with a wrench.
The 2008 blender motor is still going strong!Update 11/09/2013:  No new issues with the blade assembly after tightening twice.
After seeing several reviews of the Breville Hemisphere, I'm about to upgrade...twice the price, but more powerful, and it does a better job of mixing!.
It does a great job of pulling down the top ingredients into the swirling frenzy.
It looks incredible, the low/hi settings are all you need, the lo setting does the job.
Can't get over the power, beauty, & simplicity of this incredibly functional, gorgeous machine! This would have been a steal at 3X this price.
For contrast, I was torn between this vs.
Seems like this IS that elusive, rare, actually simple, quality, functional, & gorgeous product that we are all nostalgic for.
I guess time will tell if it lasts.
We are very satisfied with this blender, and I would recommend it highly.Edited 7/19/11:  I just wanted to update my review.
Too much ice and you'll get something too thick to blend and you get chunks.
But too little ice and there is not enough resistance for the blades to bust the ice and you also get chunks.
Used one of these that was about 9 years old and it finally died.
I was a little skeptical to get another one, because the old one leaked a bit and was extremely loud.
However, it had proved reliable and did a pretty good job.
I imagine it will make soups even better than the old one as well.
It does wobble on the base if it is not set on the base correctly.
You just have to twist it until it sits in place.
As far as some reviews saying they can't blend certain things well, perhaps the frozen item to juice ratio is a bit too high.
This blender does the job!  I bought this blender in red to replace the old one that I bought at a tag sale.
It matches my Kitchen Aid stand mixer, which was a big plus.
I can't understand where the negative &quot;excessive noise&quot; reviews came from.
I have been able to make lump-free smoothies by following the instructions in the booklet that came with my Waring blender.
The instructions say to put liquid ingredients in first, begin blending, and feed ice cubes through the top of the lid, one at a time.
Initially, I was taken aback by the plastic collar that screws onto the bottom of the glass container.
The lip of the plastic collar goes OVER the blender base -- the opposite of which I'm used to.
Before buying this no-nonsense blender, we tried making frozen fruit smoothies in two other high end machines with poor results.
The other machines took a long time to blend and the results were still not great.
Lots of large chunks of fruit remained at the bottom, making the rest of the smoothie too runny.
We tried this machine and it really took care of business.
This is easy to use and powerful enough to do anything with.
I use mine mostly for frozen drinks, so I really wear the blades out, and they're pretty worn now.
My grandmother died before she had to replace hers, but my mother is on her third cheap blender now.
I expect my Waring Blendor to last the rest of my life.
Fortunately, I was able to get my grandmother's Waring Blendor Cookbook from the forties.
It is about forty years old but still works great, and it was obviously used quite a bit.
First blender full of Mudslides was lost in the sink due to the base of the blender having become loosened in shipping.
Just be sure the bottom is on tight before that first run.
Takes up very little space and looks nice on counter.
Easy operation - two speeds, that's all you need! Making great smoothies! Has longest warranty of all the blenders that I compared.
I have had this blender for  several years (6) it works great.
I make smoothies, almond punch, milkshakes, and seasoning using this blender and it has never fail me as yet.
We've had this blender for about 4 years now and use it almost daily.
I love this blender!  We went through several before buying this one.
Okay, here's my simple and short review on this blender.
I have used it daily for the past 3 months now to make smoothies.
This blender will take every frozen fruit I put in it without hesitation.
I have no complaints about the unit having only 2 speeds, both are fine and plenty powerful.**EDIT**My blender is the PBB series.
The PBB series is much higher in quality and more durable.
Over the past 40 years I have owned a lot of blenders but find the 2 speed version the least complicated, easiest blender to use.
Every once in awhile I have to replace a part but they are easy to find.
I only replace the entire blender when the motor goes once every 8 - 9 years or so.
We've had the this blender for about 6 months now and are fully satisfied with it.
It got especially heavy use (more than once/day for several weeks) after someone in our house had oral surgery.
It is noisy and nostalgic as others have eloquently written; it is reliable and shows no signs of disintegrating.
Rather, its done an excellent job disintegrating ice, pecans, & everything else we've thrown into it.
The blender comes with a 1 year warranty on parts, I decided to purchase a 2 square trade warranty for parts in case anything breaks.
works great for making special treats for my kids who love there shakes, great for making each one there different flavors they want.
My wife and I are happy with this mixer.
I won't repeat what other's have said, but my only comment is the silver motor housing is made of shiny plastic.
For the cost of this mixer, I would expect it to be made of metal.
It does make delicious shakes and it's easy to clean.
My husband bought this for me as a Christmas present.
Very sturdy, not loud, it is a bit tall but doesn't look gaudy/big/bulky sitting out on the counter.
We bought an extra stainless steel cup for it.
Cleans up quickly and doesn't drip/splash or cause a lot of mess.
My husband also mixes up his protein shakes  using the machine.
Perfect for my small kitchen.Can recommend without hesitation.
Have had the stainless Waring unit since Christmas and it's working great.
Had a Braun unit which would stall, but this one has at least twice the power.
Have tried it on grapefruit, navels, valencias, limes, lemons and tangerines, several hundred fruit so far.
Minor problems with the grapefruits, mine are particularly fibrous.
A breeze to clean, the black bowl doesn't stain.
I looked and looked for the right juicer.
I was going to get one of those that you pull the bar down to press the juice out.
I had ordered it and then learned that often the arm on it would break.
it was actually less money than the citrus press was.
The rest is the stainless steel housing that is self contained.It's fast, efficient and sturdy.
You don't have to worry about using a little force, if you want, though you really don't have to.
I'm a strong guy and I put some serious pressure on mine and it doesn't balk at it.Try it, you'll love it!.
This is a great juicer for citrus fruit.
You just push a halved citrus fruit against the reamer, and the filtered juice pours out the spout.
It is very stable (no walking around the counter), easy to clean and quiet (just a moderate whirring sound).
The spout is positioned high enough for my tallest glasses.
It does what it is advertised to do, juice citrus fruit, including oranges, lemons and limes.It's easy to use.
When that happens I use a piece of paper towel under my palm to absorb the juice and stop the slipping.This is easy to clean.
I bought less expensive model that did not work from out of the box.
Big disappointment and lots lof work handjuicing a bag of lemons.This juicer works great, the kids can use it safely with a little instruction.
We built a house this hot summer and used it several times weekly to juice several bags of lemons each time.
If don't want to do stevia, 1 cup of sugar perfect.November 2012 still using this juicer regularly for my family of 7.
The strainer finish did not continue to worsen, it just looks like a I use it rather than let it sit.
I'm still thrilled with the amount of juice this device lets me pull from a lemon.
So much more than by hand and with such little effort on my part.
I wish all appliances were made with this same durability.
Works very very well! Easy to use and easy to clean.
The actual parts that do the work and come into contact with the food are all plastic.
I still like it very much and can recommend this product.22APR12Still using the juicer and loving it.
I can do a bag of lemons, limes, or oranges very quickly and easily.
The juicer separates the the seeds from the juice very well and cleans up very quickly & easily.
I don't baby this thing, so I can say that it seams to be holding up pretty well under the circumstances.
This is my third or fourth juicer I've bought over the years.
The others in the $30-40 dollar range just don't hold up for long.
This one feels more powerful when I used it to juice large grapefruits.
Hoping it stands up over time-so far I really like it.
The motor is relatively quiet and the reamer type extractor is a hard plastic that can taske a beating.
Purchased as a Christmas gift for our housemate.
It sees a fair amount of use - my only complaint is holding the lid up while putting the blades in.
Not a big deal, just a minor annoyance.
I'd totally buy this again if our current one broke.
This is a must-have for storing your basic Cuisinart blades.
I have downsized (as my family has grown smaller) my Cuisinart and am now back to the seven-cup with the basic four blades.
I gave away my larger storage unit and ordered this one.
I keep it on top of my 'frige where it is easy for me to reach and out of reach for my five-year-old grandson.
This model is listed to hold my classic Cuisinart 14 cup processor accessories.
I stuck it to the area in the storage box where the dough hook should rest.
It made an adequate post for the dough hook, and now holds it steady.
For the price, I would have thought all items would nest snugly! Four stars for this one design flaw that I can overlook once adjusted.
I recently replacedmy ancient Cuisinart, and it took me forever to even find all the blades to throw out.
In fact I have cut myself on them in the past.
But you don't have to be anything like as scattered as I to enjoy this clever case.
It does the trick and doesn't take up much space.
Martha Stewart recently asked me my secret!  ( Ok not true, but just that last sentence.
This takes up a lot of space; it does protect your blades.
The blades and discs are heavy and sharp.
The footprint is almost as big as the processor, but it easily fits in the cabinet.
I do not use the lock/unlock feature - it seems like a lot of hassle and I don't have small children (or a nosy husband!).
I like the set up and convenience - and I can't imagine how you could make it any smaller.
For the very youngest, a level of safety is a must around these tools, and I go to those lengths for my grandchildren.
The only downside is my fault, in that my poorly functioning thumbs have difficulty opening the case if it is in the locked position.
Those with normal function should not be concerned.
It keeps my equipment clean and safe, sharp, and ready to use, so it fulfills its intended purpose beautifully.
Good Food Processors and their attachments are not cheap.
And keeping your fingers out of harms way is equally important.
After buying my Cuisnart 9-cup Food Processor and additional blades, I wanted to keep my equipment and my fingers in perfect working order.
I had read about NOT dumping these blade attachments into a drawer, because you will get cut as they are extremely sharp.
Besides, why allow them to bang against one another after spending in excess of $30 each.
This case keeps all of the accessories together, safe from fingers and ready for use next time without having to look for them.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not five is there is not enough space for all my Cuisinart disc.
But it does deserve five stars because it does what it is supposed to.
You have to handle it carefully and treat with reasonable care.
mine already fell off the shelve and didn't break but it didn't fall far.
I might need another one if we expand the set to include more disc and blades.
Wouldn't want her 'kitchen magician' as we knicknamed it, without this.
All her parts and pieces (almost anyway), fit in here nicely.
Slickkery to hold onto and pull/twist at the same time.
Cleverly designed to hold your Cuisinart blades and disks, as well as the stem.
But even better is the little locking mechanism that would at least deter children from getting at the blades.
An excellent companion to the Cuisinart food processor, which unfortunately does not come with any long-term storage for the same purpose.
How nice is to be able to keep all the Food Processor tools right in one spot.
I wouldn't have thought I needed this blade holder - until I found out how blasted sharp these blades are.
Trying to fish a slicing disc out of the bottom of the cabinet was pretty adventurous, unless you can grow new fingertips.
If you have a Cuisinart food processer, you need one of these.
The blades and disks are very sharp, putting them in a drawer is asking to get cut.
All the parts have a place and make them easy to locate.
In my opinion, this should have been included with the food processor.
For such sharp, odd shaped tools it is a great idea to have well designed storage unit.
If you bought the food processor which I am assuming you did since you are looking at this.
Unless you have some other way of properly and safely storing those extremely sharp blades this is the way to go.
A great idea since the blades and discs are wicked sharp and could do some damage if left out.
I'm also glad because this way the blades and discs are protected and will, hopefully, last even longer.
It holds all of the blades and discs that accompanied my Cuisinart food processor in a safe manner and it has a locking mechanism.
It allows the storage of my blades and disc in an organized manner and helps to prevent the potential for being cut by blades.
This  holde or something like it is  not an accessory but arequiremnt.
Overall a very good product but it does not hold the extra lid that came with my Cuisinart, I would recommend it to others though.
When I sorted out my Cuisinart and ordered my replacement parts, I also ordered this storage caddy and am SO glad I did.
This caddy is a huge improvement on stuffing them into the usual Tupperware bin taking up room in the cabinet.
Everything fits in perfectly - blades are protected and covered.
You simply pull it out to turn it when you want to open the cover.
When you unpack your new food processor you are left with manysharp pieces.
I'm glad I bought the cuisinart blade and disc holder.
It fits all the accessories I have and the ones that came with the processor.
It closes well and keep the dust of the items.
And, it fits well on the small shelf I have for it.
This is one of those items that you really need, but you don't realize how much you need it until you have it.
There was never a good, safe place to store the blades.
I was always afraid of hurting myself or damaging the blades.
It sits very nicely on the counter, near the Cuisinart.
It holds the blades securely (you can tell it is actually made for the Cuisinart blades as it has a nice, snug fit).
Great, no more hunting around for the parts you need to use your Cuisinart.
Our old Cuisinart food processor came with 2 discs and 2 blades.
Plus it is attractive enough to allow it to sit on the counter alongside our new processor.
What a perfect invention! Now I can keep all my beautiful Cuisinart Food Processor prices together!  Safely!.
All the accessories of the Cuisinart are in one convenient place.
This is essential when you're running around in the kitchen preparing meals.
It has met my expectations in every way and I'm happy with it.
I have no idea how one is expected to get along without this added equipment.
The blades and slicers work great but a person must have someplace to store them so they don't get damaged.
For what it does, it works great.IF you are careful, the blades all fit well and the holder will help you not cut yourself.
That said, if you try hard enough, you can still cut yourself.
The bottom is open and the blades are exposed in spots.
it's not designed to handle from the bottom, it's designed to sit flat on the counter or on the shelf.
If you store it in a cabinet like we do, you will have to remove it to open the cover enough to move the blades.
The cover is not designed to carry the entire weight of the holder and the blades.
that's why we have it in a cabinet on a shelf away from curious fingers.
It can be a pain to pull out and turn the knob enough to disengage the cover.
The cover has a molded plastic hook to both lock the latch and allow the cover to reengage the latch when it's being closed.
Even with that being broken, the latch still locks securely.
The part of the hook that broke off was the part that automatically reengaged the latch while closing the cover.
so now we have to turn the knob to get the hook to seat.
If you buy a food processor get one of these.
Since I'm always reaching for something without looking, you can imagine how happy I was to get this holder.
Everything in its place, and it takes up less space than the homemade basket and styrofoam I was using.
Would recommend this product and advise you to check model number before ordering.
I got this for my machine and it's perfect.
But you need to check since one size does not fit all.
I have the Custom 14 cup processor with several accessory blades that are incredible sharp.
I bought this holder hoping it would solve the problem of protecting the blades (which aren't cheap)  and my fingers from damage.
This was absolutely what I needed for my new Cuisinart food processor.
It holds not only the disks but the stems as well and blades.
I have 100% of everything in one place.
I purchased 1 additional disk and it fit in there as well.
If your food processor didn't come with a case (most don't it seems) I really recommend making this investment.
The little lock feature is nice if young kids are around.
This is a nice way to store those really sharp food processor blades.
The locking lid is a nice safety feature.
I got this disc holder for Christmas and I love it.
it was driving me crazy having the pieces in my pantry loose.
I'm kind of an organization freak so this made me feel REALLY good.
It does the job, hold the accessories just as you would imagine.
It is well made and durable but does not appear it would stand a drop.
I do like this little blade and disc holder...however...it would be so much more useful if it were larger and held more blades.
Three blades came with my processor and I purchased one extra.
Now I have no room for any more blades.
These discs are so very sharp and they need to be kept in a very safe place, not in a kitchen drawer.
With so many warnings about the sharpness of the discs and the chopping blade, the storing of these items loose in  a drawer is unwise.
I feel it so much of a NEEDED accessory that it should be included in the basic pachage, with a commensurate increase in price.
This is a Valentine's gift for my husband who is a great cook.
I like having a place to store my blades and discs.
It is clean and it locks (the lock is a little tricky to work).
This is great storage for the blade and accessories.
Keeps them clean and right where you need them.
The only drawback is the knob that opens it, sort of hard to pull it to get it to turn.
nice holder can sometimes be a little weird with the knob to open and close but holds everything real nice.
It keeps my discs and chopper blades clean and sharp.
It is so much nicer than stuffing them in the kitchen appliance catch-all drawer.
I only gave 4 stars because there is no bottom on the holder, so the discs stick out the bottom.
It is handy and seems to be sturdy, but does need the minor improvement of a bottom to the holder.
After ordering my food processor I wasn't going to bother with any kind of a holder.
Within a day of swapping out blades and discs and almost cutting myself, I placed an order for this box.
It arrived today, and I am very pleased with it.
The dough blade is a bit bigger than what the holder instruction booklet lists, but it does fit with no issues.
Can't beat a $20 price tag for peace of mind and the prevention of injury.
Contrary to what another reviewer stated, this is not just for smaller food processor attachments.
It holds all the attachments for my Pro Custom 11 cup food processor.
The booklet that comes with it says that it will hold attachments for all Cuisinart food processors except DLC-X, DLC-XP, DLC-5, and LPP models.
If you are unsure if this will work for you, I suggest going the company website.
They tell you what you can use for your food processor.
Then come back to this site and buy it as it's cheaper here, especially if you get free shippong.
This product keeps your blades & discs safe and clean when not in use.
I would not have ordered a food processor that did not have this available.
The only con is that the bottom is open - so you have to be careful if you pick up the box.
Just be aware of this and watch young would-be cooks around these kind of appliances.
My husband bought this for me to keep my blades and cutter in and it works great.
It is nice to have a place to these items where they won't get blunted or accidentally damage anything.
It does precisely what it is supposed to do.
It holds all of the parts that come with a standard Cuisinart food processor with room for one extra disc, all in one place.
It keeps everything in one place, within safe and easy access.
Just pull it out, lift the lid and take out what I need.
No risk of reach and possibly cutting yourself or rifling around looking for pieces when you need them.
Well made and protects the blades and the safety latch keeps the little ones from getting in it easily.
So glad I ordered this with my food processor.
This item is essential for a companion to your cuisinart!  It will keep you organized and keep all your blades nice and sharp.
Also, you won't run the risk of cutting yourself getting your blades out of a drawer.
There is even an extra slot for an additional blade!  Do not hesitate, this is a must have!.
If I am very careful when closing it, I can avoid having the safety latch catch, but that does not always work.
Recieved it the other day, it's sturdy and looks nice.
Everything fits in well and I like that it locks and it wouldn't be something a kid could figure out quickly.
My only comment is i wish it came in stainless steel & black.
Yes, this is plastic, but it is fairly heavy for its size, which implies sturdiness to me.
It is easily rinsed clean and will air dry in a short time.
It has room for one more blade than my processor came with, which is nice since I would like to buy one or two more.
It's not small, but it's not unattractive - if you're the type to leave your equipment on the counter this will blend in.
Was it worth the $20 I paid for it?  It depends on how clumsy or disorganized you are, and how long it will last.
Granted, that may be too big and heavy when loaded.
If there was a matching companion to this that held the other 8 discs, I'd buy it today.
The DLC-DH's is awkward to use, not up to the task.
I wish it'd been included with my food processor, it seems quite necessary to have it.The lock is easy to grasp.
The discs fit great - the dough blade is a bit loose in there but it's okay because it's a dull plastic &#34;blade&#34;.
The underside of this is open which seems silly.
all the lock does is keep the lid from flying open if you're carrying it around.
And of course if a child flips this over to access the bottom, they can cut themselves badly on the discs.
But, it is a wonderful way to store the discs and blades that came with my Cuisinart.
I don't have children around so I luckily don't worry about keeping this away from little fingers.
Purchased for SWMBO, and she absolutely loves her Cuisinart processor.
This blade holder is well constructed, and helps organize and store while protecting the blades/mixers.
Coulped with the disc holder, all your accessories are organized in a small, neat space and make using your Cuisinart station that much more enjoyable.
I like a place for everything and everything in its place.
This unit does it for my 14 cup Cuisinart.
Unlike another poster, I don't have a problem with the latch.
I've been using this for about three years now.
It is fantastic for storing blades and locking them in, to keep the kiddos and pets out of them.
I ordered this blade and disc holder as a replacement.
Highly recommend this holder to anyone considering a purchase of the same.
I own a Prep 9 processor with the standard tool set plus the fine grater.
This holder secures the three discs, disc spindle, the chopper blade and the dough mixer with a knob that holds the lid down.
It is a very convenient container for my Cuisinart tools that takes up a minimum of space in an overcrowded kitchen.
The blade and disc holder does what it says it will.
and it is easier on the fingers by not having to store the blades in a drawer.
The only fault I can find with it is that if I move it, the small blade slips out of place.
They could have made that area a little deeper to hold it better.
Other than that, I think this is a good product and worth the money.
I have not had any trouble with the locking lid and like this feature.
This was a great addition to the Cuisinart DLS-85 Pro Custom food processor my son ordered for his wife for Christmas.
No searching for the blades and accidental wounds from the sharp blades stored improperly in the cupboards.
This is a great storage container for the blades and discs for my Cuisinart food processor.
It keeps them safe and my hands safe from the sharp blades.
I'm really glad I purchased this for my Cuisinart 7-cup Food Processor (EV-7SA2).
When I found this online, I decided it was much more appropriate and practical than the ZipLoc.
It holds EVERYTHING the food processor came with, as well as an additional disc if I should need or want to purchase one.
Read the other reviews to make sure that you don't have one of the food processor for which this does NOT work.
Of course, Amazon's price is much less than any other site on the web.
When I first got my Cuisinart food processor, I was at a loss for what to do with all the parts.
I have a small kitchen and little storage space to begin with.
This holder keeps everything in it's place and makes my life easier when trying to find things.
This item holds all the blades and blade holders for a Cusinart 14 cup food processor.
Everything fits perfectly in the case and it makes everything much neater.
Better in the case than sitting in apile on the counter next to the machine.
Better yet it protects the blades and protects fingers.
much better than the jumble of blades in a basket (although that had its own kind of adventure vibe).
It does take up more room than it perhaps strictly needs--it seems kind of big, and counter space is at a premium.
I guess I could use a Sharpie and put &#34;3mm, 6mm,&#34; etc.
Before this I had had all my attachments squished into some Tupperware.
This is much easier to access and a lot better looking.
It's nice for a storage box of my 9 cup Cuisinart blades.
It is quite awkward to take out of the cupboard as there is no bottom and no place to really grab hold of it.
If it is left on the counter it would be okay.
I don't use the lock function as I just leave it unlocked.
Purchased this blade holder when I purchased my food processor.
Holds parts nicely and looks nice on the counter next to the processor.
This box safely and conveniently stores the essential parts for my Cuisinart DLC-2009CHB food processor.
This includes the dough blade, the chopping blade, the disc stem and 2 blades (shredding, slicing).
I bought it to keep blades and discs easy and safe to reach.
the lid has a lock and that is great for handling, helps to organize things, gives a better look to your cabinetry, I recomended it.
Rather than keeping super sharp discs and blades loose in a drawer where one unaware could be hurt, this clear holder is just perfect.
And, just to note, to date, no damage to anything I have ordered.
This was purchased as a companion to the 7-cup Cuisinart.
It holds all the pieces well and cleans up the counter.
This was bought as a gift for my brother, and he loves it.
I purchased this about 15 months ago with our new Cuisinart food processor.
It's definitely a great addition to the standard blades as well as provides terrific storage.
I don't lock it so messing with the lock is not an issue.
The lock could probably be a little more user friendly.
It keeps the dust off of my Cuisinart goodies.
Love the way it is small and stores my 3 discs and chopper accessories.
This is a handy addition to the food processor.
If you have one of these,  I am sure you might have discovered as I did just how sharp the blades are.
I nicked myself more than once trying to grab my blade out of the bowl  where I kept all of the attachements for this.
This stores all of the  basic disks and dough attachment as well as the chopping blade.
There is  room for one more disk in addition to what comes with the set.
This making  keeping your blades and disks in a handy place.
My only complaint is the  latch that keeps it shut, is a little aggrivating.
You must twist the  latch by pulling it out, and not just to the side.
I couldn't think of a  better way to keep everything together!.
The unit I received must be a newer model as the issues which the locking mechanism is not a problem.
You don't have to pull to turn the knob, just turn it.
Also, when closing the unit, it doesn't self-lock like on other reviews.
In that aspect the unit works great.The concern on the disk blades exposed under the unit has not been a problem.
Yes it would be nice if the bottom was sealed, but not a big deal.
I was always warning people who went into my cutlery drawers to be careful of the loose blades to my food processor.
This device not only holds the 2 blades (very sharp) but also 3 discs (also sharp).
It has a firm lock on the front so little kids cannot easily open them (but I would still keep them out of reach).
It also protects the blades and cutting edges on the discs so they don't get dull.
I bought this to go along with my new Cuisinart 14 Cup Food Processor since I couldn't find a safe place for my blades.
I would make sure before you purchase that this fits the specifics of your machine.
If you are unsure I would go to the Cuisinart website (that is what I did).
I am glad I ordered this blade and disc holder.
It keeps everything safely organized and in one place.
But I find myself getting very annoyed because the dough blade has to balance itself to say in place.
Move the holder, the dough blade shifts out of position and has to be manually replaced - repeatedly.
It holds all the blades that comes with the processor and keeps them from being damaged if they were to be loose in a drawer.
Considering how very sharp those blades and discs are, this holder and its locking device are a necessity.
I wish I'd had one with my first Cuisinart all those years ago.
I bought this with my food processor and now I have a happy safe place to store my blades.
It has a lock on the base so I can leave it on the counter without worrying about knocking it open.
I wash my blades and dry them and place them right back in the case after use.
We often hear that &#34;there is a place for everything and everything should be in its place.&#34;.
My shredding disc went missing, so I ordered this set to replace it and add a few options.
It has added more verstility to my processor and it gets used a lot.
I especially like the fine grater attachment as it grates hard cheese extremely fine for soups and sauces.
So later on I'll get that one, too.
I have only used the shredder disc and it worked great.
I use other discs that came with the food processor more and am very happy with it.
Cuisinart wins again! These discs arrived fast, they fit my food processor and work exactly as they are supposed to.
My husband didn't believe the thick slicer would do a nice job with a tomato.
I wasn't sure either but this blade sliced the tomato perfectly.
I buy hunks of cheese and the grater blade takes care of the hardest cheese.
I originally wanted just the potato cutter but am very happy to have this set.
I have several Cuisnart tools and accessories, and have always found them to be excellent quality, though maybe a bit costly.
I would rather pay a bit extra, though, and have a product that does its job well and lasts for a long time.
I believe that I ordered the wrong item, Cuisinart DLC-042TX Stainless Steel Thin Slicing Disc 2-mm.,and had to return it.
Couldn't use it as would not fit our processor.
My kids love homemade potato chips and my previous option was a mandolin.
The slicing results are similar but this blade cuts the time in half ( probably less) which gives you a fresher potato.
In seconds you have an entire batch ready to wash and fry up.
The thin slicing blade is not just for potatoes, obviously.
It would be wonderful if Cuisinart included all their blades in the original purchase but this one is worth adding to your collection.
I recently purchased a Cuisinart DLC-2014N PowerPrep Plus 14-Cup Capacity Food Processor, White which I really love.
The food processor is perfect for all of my needs in raw vegan food preparation.
That's a lot of shredding, too much shredding in fact for me to do by hand.
Some kitchen tasks, especially those requiring my very sharp mandoline, are just too challenging for me with my disability.
Amazon didn't carry it so I had to search through the third party sellers.
It does pay to shop around with attention to shipping costs.
Perfect size addition to my 14 cup Cuisinart Food Processor.
I have arthritis and slicing onions is not fun anymore.
This 2-mm disc does a great job! It also shreds my cabbage wonderfully for cole slaws.
This is my second Cuisinart Food Processor moved up from the 7 cup to the 14 cup.
Not only does this greater great for grating cheese, but also chocolate, spices, or anything else.
Let your food processor do the work for you!.
Using this disk and my Cuisinart is so much easier than grating hard Parmesan on a Microplane grater.
I use this whenever I need more than a couple of tablespoons of hard cheese.
Love the hard cheese wheel, gotta' have fresh hard cheese for spaghetti.
The food processor that goes with this blade is the best I have ever purchased.
Too many locking mechanisms though, the lid, bowl and plunger all have to be engaged to run it.
You can remove the smaller plunger to add while processing but the tube is so small you can add anything large.
By and large, good wheel, good processor and all accessories and the unit are sturdy and well made.
Works great in my Cuisinart processor! It now completes my set of blades I needed for my new meal planning!.
The product came in a timely fashion and was exactly as advertised.
I'm very satisfied with the product and service.
IT WORKS GRATE! ha ha ha.I grated a small block of parm in about 4 minutes.
I prefer to use fresh ingredients whenever possible but I really hated grating parmesan cheese.
I usually grate more than I plan to use immediately and store in an air-tight container in the refrigerator.
The disc does get very warm but that doesn't seem to affect the cheese.
I love my Cuisinart processor and this just gave me another reason to use it.
As stated in the description, this blade is for the DLC-7 series food processors.
I have the DLC-7 Special Edition processor and it works fine.
It is not made for the Elite series.
I use it to julienne cut carrots and other veggies before I blanch them for freezing.
I don't think this blade would work very well for French fries.
In my opinion, the pieces would be too skinny even for shoestring potatoes.
This year, when I tried to cut my carrots, the processor was vibrating so much I had to hold it on the counter.
I finally realized that the blade was not holding on the detachable post.
As it came loose, it started to tilt the blade.
I can't see why it doesn't hold, but I can turn the post off without pushing the button.
I haven't had this problem with any of my other blades.
At any rate, I use it often enough that I have decided to replace it.
I'd also like to have a disc that made slightly larger fries too though.
This is what I call "the salsa maker"  just drop all your veggies in the shoot, makes PERFECT salsa!.
I haven't tried this for french fries, but it's fabulous for chopping onions, carrots, etc.
Judging from the size these turn out, french fries would be very skinny, too small for my taste.
But still, it is SO worth it for chopping other veggies!.
These extra blades I bought for my new Food Processor are really nice.
I like that they are dishwasher safe and the blades being stainless steel will never rust.
This 3-set package adds much versatility to my food processor.
now it off warranty and I still use it very often.
Great additional disks for your 7 or 11 inch Cuisinart Food Processor.
Heavenly is what I think when using this product.
Slices so perfectly!  Thank you Cuisinart for such an excellent product.
This was a complement to the rest of my cutting disks and it a great product.
Just make sure it fits your processor model.
What is not to love about these!!?  If you are thinking about getting these - go for it.
I own both standard and specialty disc set, purchased from Amazon on September 6, 2011.
I bought the sets for myCuisinart DLC-2009CHB Prep 9 9-Cup Food Processor, Brushed Stainless, also purchased from Amazon.
The specialty disc set has: 3mm x 3mm julienne, 6mm slicing disc, and fine grater disc.
Even the graters have F and M embossed on them for the fine grater and medium grater, respectively.
I got mine as per description in both sets.
I'm having fun using them and prep time in the kitchen is not only fun but fast and easy.
much cheaper compared to purchasing the discs individually.
After she made ME a meal with some of the blades, I was OKAY with how costly the stupid thing are.
But, it's what it is&#8230; and they work and they made my wife very happy.
Start with the driest ingredient first so the contents are less soggy.
I got several holders on amazon for very little $$$ and free shipping to boot.
Beats losing the tip of your finger while shuffling in a drawer for the right disc!.
I wanted to get some thin slice cutter and the fine grater.
These are really good addition to my Cuisinart processor.
I use these discs  a lot than the ones that originally came with the processor.
Discs have a solid weighted feel to them.
This is a great size for shredding veggies.
I don't like the coarser shredder, as some veggies come out like pieces of cardboard.
This size seems to retain the moisture better and the fine shred is more attractive in dishes.
Very handy and much easier than shredding by hand, of course.
I have a hand micro-shredder for garlic, which this can't do, otherwise, most all veggies shred just fine.
I put off buying this for years because of the price but I really love the size of shreds it produces.
The disc fits and works just fine in my DLC 8M for 11 cups.
I bought it because every single hand cranker I have tried breaks.It's the best.
It actually is too fine for a lot of applications.
If you want very finely shredded veggies, this is the blade for you.
It is actuaslly too fine for normal "salad" applications, but good at what it does.
EXCELLENT for making coleslaw as we like cabbage shredded fine.
We also have an Amish apple bread recipe that I modified slightly, and needs finely grated hard apples, like Honey Crisp.
The speed of delivery and quality of customer service for this item was great.
I use this disc primarily for shredding carrots for carrot cake, but find the size of the shredded material to be perfect for most recipes.
This shredding disc made it sooooo easy to shred carrots for carrot cake.
I would highly recommend it to anyone who bakes.
I would imagine it would be great for making carrot salad too.
I use this for fine cheese and it's a charm.
It's a little harder and longer process than using the regular size shredding disc, but only because the smaller holes are going to take longer.
I purchased this to make a Canadian dish that my great-grandmother taught us.
It's on the same idea of a poutine rapee, but made in a pan with chicken.
It shreds the potato in no time -- otherwise it needs to be done by hand.
I bought this to make potato pancakes and we also use it to shred other vegetables.
Came in perfect like new condition at a very good price.
We use it very frequently and are glad we bought it.
Since we do a great deal of cooking, this becomes an item of value to her kitchen.
Whether you are using pototoes or any other veggies for fries, this is a great fit.Try it for a veggie platter!.
Great addition for your 7 or 11 inch Cuisinart Food Processor.
French fries are a breeze with this disk.
I bought this for the 9cup food prep Cuisinart and it works great.
You can make fries that are BETTER than McD's by following a few steps.
Put oil in dutch oven pot on your stove top, med to med high heat about 350 deg to 370.
blanch the fries for 3mins  and take out, put on rack and freeze for at least one hour.
heat up oil again to 350 to 370 and cook until golden, salt to taste.
It is very important not to skip any of these steps.
I guaranteee they will be the best fries you ever ate.
I purchased this item in December 2011 for 35 bucks.
I use it a couple of times a month.
It has held-up well (no signs of wear).
Mostly I use it to cut carrots and potatoes (or other vegetables) for soups.
I use this disc and the original chopping blade the most.
I bought this to make french fries for my grandchildren.
Overall it does a good job and cuts down on my food prep time, which is what I wanted.
Purchased for SWMBO, and she absolutely loves her Cuisinart processor.
Finsh is sharp and perfect, and gives the machine more versatility.
This shreds your white taters into short, little teeny weeny shoestring fries.
I don't think calling it 'french fry' is very appropriate.
Seriously, I have never purchased french fries from a fast food joint that was as small as this disk makes them.
I'm sure it will be great for various other foods but for 'french fry', it's not going to do it.
I use often and it cuts my prep time a considerable amount (pun intended).Easy to wash, easy to use, easy to highly recommend!.
Wish I had this when the kids were young.
I can make my own french fries with the &#34;right&#34; kind of oil!!.
This is for making the French style French fries which are about 1/4 inch size.
This is the size we make since they come out good on a sheet pan in the oven.
Zip, zip and you have perfect size fries with this blade.
It's worth the effort to pull out the machine and clean afterward.
This important blade was not included in the 10S model I bought.
The fries end up short due to the limitations of the feed tube, but they're nice and uniform and a good thickness.
Was excited to find this disk for my son for Christmas to go with the food processor and accessories that I gave him.
I am a vegetarian so use it quite often.
When combined with the above par Cuisinart food processor, this is the only tool that will make you a perfect Celeri Remoulade.
Will also make great diced carrots, beets, and potato allumette.
If you are a gourmet cook, this is a must have gadget.
The Cuisinart will help you make the sauce as well.
This blade works well for chopping veggies for a salad like cole slaw.
Good quality and fits my old (2003) Cuisinart 11cup processor perfectly.
This disk is VERY sharp and does a good job at slicing all sorts of veggies.
I really like that all of the food is the same thickness because this means that everything will cook at the same time.
Having the proper items to do the assorted work one does in food preparation makes light work of any cooking chore.
Yes, these will fit that size machine also.
This size cut is the one you want your cucumbers to be, and most other vegitables.
The one that comes with the machine is paper thin.Hopefully it will last a bit longer than the first one.
This is the thickest slicing disc available for my 11-cup Cuisinart.
I have been canning hot peppers and this worked great for slicing them without killing my hands.
We do a potfull when we make it, & it is just the ticket.
Needed to get this to make Bread and Butter pickles - everything I expected and then some.
Highly recommended for use in you food processor.
I bought this for my 9 cup Cuisinart food processor even though it says that it fits the 7 and 11 cup processors.
This is the size that should be included with the food processor, not the 4mm blade.
It's one of those items that once you add it to your arsenal of kitchen tools you'll wonder why you didn't grab it sooner.
I just recently got my Cuisinart and was not happy with the way the Fall harvest was going.
Many slices were too thin to freeze properly.
I was glad to find this on Amazon, I use this blade more than any of the others.
I am actually hoping Cuisinart introduces an 8mm in the near future, as I'd love to have that as well.
This blade has added a lot of versatility to my food processor, I really like it.
This was a badly needed slicing disc to use with this DLC-846TX model Cuisinart Processor.
The 6mm disc is VERY well made, like all the others.
If you make your own sliced pickles, scalloped potatoes, or any veggies that have to be thick sliced, the 6mm disk is a &#34;must have!&#34;.
The best solution I found was this product (DLC-9846TX).
Still the sweet potato must be sliced, removed from the collector, rotated 90 degrees and resliced to produce the desired sweet potato fries.
The DLC-836TX is really the blade which should have been provided with the original Cuisinart 11-cup processor package.
Really love this new blade as it expands (even more) the already fantastic range of slicing options for the food processor.
Make your own carrots - just feed through then steam for fresh carrots that are so much better than anything from a can.
Sliced cucumbers and other vegies for an afternoon salad in minutes or potatoes, carrots, celery and other vegies for homemade soup.
We own both the older and new 7 cup processor...fits beautifully on both if you have access to proper stems.
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a medium slice.
It does an excellent job and is a solid stainless blade.
This slices zuchinni, onions, and other squash to the perfect size for simmering with red bell pepper strips and then topping with grated italian cheeses.
I wish it had come with the Cuisinart, which has lasted 24 years!! It has given me a whole new reason to use it.
This thicker slicer is pefect! slices are thick enough so they don't fall apart when moved.
The slicer that comes with the cusinart turns everything to mush.
This is the slicer that should be included when buying the processor, but its definitely worth paying the extra.
I actually didn't use this as a 6mm for long, because eventually I decided I wanted even wider cuts.
so I took a pair of nose pliers and some oomf combined with caressing ingenuity and turned it into an 8-9 mm slicing disk.
would've purchased a bigger slicing disk but alas 6mm is the largest they sell for the 7 cup DLC-10).
I have all the blade discs for the cuisinart food processor and love and use them frequently.
It cuts down on prep time, and I just plop them in the top rack of the dishwasher to clean them up.
the 4mm disc is good only for paper thin slices ex pizza toppings for eggplant, onions and any other veg.
you will need the 6mm or the 8mm.
We found this blade used and it is as good as a new one.
We use it for cutting thick slices of vegetables like potatoes and beets which my wife uses in her soups and borscht.
I bought this because the 4mm slicer that comes with the food processor is just too thin for most things.
The 6mm is definitely better, and as others have said, I wish it had been included with the machine, instead of the 4mm.
I think it'll work OK for very skinny sweet tater fries, but an 8mm blade would be better.
I wish Cuisinart would invent one for their Prep Plus processors.
My Cuisinart processor came with a 4mm slicing disc.
I aim to collect all of the DLC 8 discs/blades.
This 6 mm blade works great, but I noticed it really isn't much bigger than the 4 mm.
It makes a great backup blade in case the other one is dirty.
Life is good when you have the right equipment.
A complete set of items and a full compliment of options makes light work of most efforts.
Annoying but it does a great job of grating the cheese finely.
I wanted it to grate carrots, but it grates them so small it is like mush.
The chopping blade works better for salad and carrot cake, but it nice to have for super grating.
I was first surprised when I hefted this disc -- it is substantial -- much beefier than the other slicer and juliene discs.
I have grated carrots and parmesan cheese with it and it is fast and works great.
Thus if you want to grate an infinitesimally small amount of material the waste will be unacceptable.
On the other hand for power grating you've got something here.
Also -- who cares if you waste a bit of a carrot.It works as advertised.
It is fantastic for large grating jobs and the price is reasonable once you heft the thing.
Finally, it completed my collection of accesories for my food processor.
Came out perfectly and since it was freshly grated, sooooo much better that what comes in the plastic shaker container.
I love this disc it grates parm cheese very fast and it is really fine like the cheese out of a can.
It took me for ever to hand grate the cheese before.
A little pricey but well worth it if you eat a lot of Italian or make dressings for salads.
Boy does this help the old hands in grating hard cheese.
Very well made and does a excellent job.
Grating very hard Italian cheese by hand was difficult and slow, so this disc makes a huge difference.
The disc itself, while bearing the Cuisinart name, was made in China, but seems manufactured to high standards.
My only complaint is that some of the cheese remains ungrated and gets wedged under the disc.
However, overall the disc does a great job of producing very fine cheese.
I have not tried it on anything other than cheese.
I purchased this for a 7 cup Cuisinart food processor mainly to grate parmesan cheese.
Highly recommend it as an add-on to the processor.
I wanted an attachment for my Cuisinart Prep 9 food processor for shredding cheeses and the like.
This grater works excellently for processing hard cheese such as Parmesan and Romano, and worked with Asiago after it had been thoroughly chilled.
The modern Cuisinart system appears to be sturdily designed, and performs these tasks with ease.
Did a great job in grating some very hard Parmesan cheese block into a fine topping for cooking.
Maybe considered to fine for a salad, but for cooking it is almost like using salt the result is so fine.
Grates things very fine and simple to clean.
If you can buy it used, in very good condition, buy it if you need a fine grater blade.
We did and are very pleased with it.
I had decided to add on to the blades and selected this one.
Not something I use all that often, always great to have available, though.
I grated about a pound of romano cheese within seconds.
This is a worthwhile disc to add to your collection.
If you are looking for a very fine cut this blade is for you.
I used it on a block of Parmesan cheese.
The look was as fine as the round containers on store shelves.
We bought this to get a blender and to replace a leaky (and piece of junk) Hamilton Beach food processor.
We live in a cramped apartment, so anything that saves us space by condensing or being multi-functional is highly attractive.
The replacement is only $20, but note that the plastic ring at the bottom is an extra $5! It's removeable, I had no idea.
Both machines have worked well, and we've had no complaints.
We like to make smoothies, and this has been great at crushing ice.
I put a little more cash in the pot and I am glad I did.
Does take up a little storage space though in the cabinet.
Our old blender (the cheap one from big box store)has given up the ghost.
I wanted a GOOD model to work with.
My husband surprised me with this and other than it's a little loud, it works like a champ.
The first thing we did was crush ice.
It chopped to a snow good enough to make snow cones.
Doesn't move around and has a REAL glass jar.
Very nice! I don't think anyone would be unhappy with this machine at all.
I have been using the product for about four years now.
I have not yet used the processor as of today.
I have used the blender so much for smoothies, shakes.
I will try later on this week on making raw soup with it.
I gave it four stars because I have not used the processor part.
I'm happy with both the blender and the food processor.
They perform very well and are easy to clean.
I have yet to try out the product, but since I only plan to use it occasionally, I opted for the factory reconditioned model.
It arrived in brand new packaging with all the packing and instructions you would expect with a brand new appliance.
It looks brand spanking new in every way.
I had been cooking with just a hand blender stick - which is quite limited -- for some time.
I have made plenty of crushed ice smoothies that whip up in a flash.
Today, I decided to make a complex meatloaf recipe (yes, they do exist) - with lots of chopping.
From the veggies to the bread crumbs out of home made croutons - this machine was a real time saver.
Not to mention, I don't know how I would have pulverized those home made croutons.
I love that the machine doesn't take up any more space than a traditional blender.
I store the food processor cup in a cabinet beneath it.
With this recipe, I chopped a number of different veggies separately, then did the bread crumbs.
Clean up is a breeze - you can either clean the bowls by hand or put them in the dishwasher.
Very pleased with this product and glad to have it.
These replacement parts are the same as the original.
I suspect they will work until we drop them in the future.
this is a wonderful processor for a single person, but didn't realize it needs to have the base appliance as well.
the blender i bought came with this attachment.
although the size could be an issue for some i find that i have more control over what i am doing with the smaller batch.
i was dishwashering my original one but i will do hand washing on this replacement.
the original one lasted at least 5 years.
the blades stayed sharp enough to chop up garlic for the life of the plastic bowl.
now i use the new one for garlic and the old blade for pulverizing oats into flour.
since i have two motor bases i will use both sets of replacement attachments i bought.
if you dont drop them on the floor they will give you reasonable service for a long time.
this is not what you want to use in a comertial kitchen.
this is for grating the 3 pounds of hard cheese that you would be swearing at before you were done by hand.
i would recommend this attachement to the occasional user that likes the skin to stay on their knuckles.
I am single and when I cook for one or two I enjoy this Cuisinart Food Processor.
It is easy to clean and doesn't take up a lot of space.
Excellent for dicing or pureeing tomatoes, herbes, and vegetables from my summer garden for sauces too.
When I have extra I just add some olive oil to the batch and instant pesto.
I can freeze the pesto for later use.
The food processor has plenty of power for those smaller jobs.
I have been using thios toaster every single day for the past 2 yewars.
I've had my toaster for several months now and all the darn thing does is make great toast.
Now if they'd only put their &quot;toaster people&quot; on their coffeemaker program.
I bought this toaster 10 years ago and have used it continuously ever since.
It's performance has been outstanding, and there have never been any signs of trouble.
The Cuisinart CPT-70 toaster looks like your mom's toaster, but bread has now officially met it's match!  Solid-state electronics now govern your every toasting whim.
You defrost, you reheat, and yes, you may even burn your toast with just the touch of a button.
But if you aren't making texas toast for 23 people every morning, this toaster will do you just great.
Generally have enjoyed the Grind'n'Brew over the past 5 months.
A pain, but not that big a deal once you get used to it.
I have bought a few coffeemakers lately, trying to get the one I want.
Let me say this makes an awesome cup of fresh coffee.
My dad stopped by today and had a cup and said it was fantastic.
I have made coffee before in my old perculator and he never commented on it.
I just used the french vanilla folger beans and it really does a good job.
Makes me want to drink coffee more 'cause it tastes so good- no bitterness- just a full bodied cup of java.
This is one of the best coffee machines I have ever used.
It grinds the coffee and feeds it directly into the filter for brewing.
It is easy to use, easy to clean and makes no mess.
The sound of the grind and brew kicking on in the morning to start making a fresh pot of coffee is pretty awesome.
I've been impressed with the quality of the coffee this machine generates.
That's McDonald's hot.Lately, I've switched to a Krups model which solves the above problems.
So, the good news is that the Cuisinart Automatic Grind and Brew makes GREAT coffee.
You can also pre-program the machine to make coffee for you in the morning (a miracle of modern technology).
I have found the coffee produced by this machine to be smooth, not at all acidic.
about the best coffee I've ever had outside of Starbucks.The BAD news is that this coffeemaker is a distinct pain to clean.
There's something beautiful about being awakened in the morning by the sound of coffee beans grinding.
Overall, I've been very happy with this product and would certainly buy it again if I had to do it all over.
Since there are many reviews of this item I'd like to add to those and amplify where I think appropriate.
I bought this coffeemaker as a Christmas present for my Mom and have since had many opportunities to use it (Mom uses it every day).
I wanted to wait a few months before commenting so as to have a chance to really get a feel for the machine.
Also, since not all the water is filtered through coffee grinds it seems that any flavor to the water (such as chlorine) is amplified.
After a standard brew you do have to take apart the machine and rinse everything but in my experience this is a 3-4 minute process.
That process does take some time and could be as much as 15 minutes if you are doing it by hand.
That is an important consideration for those of you who have people sleeping well past the time you wake up.
They WILL be annoyed at you if they are anywhere in the immediate vicinity.Lastly I'd like to make some misc comments.
The lid of my machine seems fine, no problems.
The handle of the pot on my unit appears to be sturdy and well attached.
The heating element keeps the coffee super-hot.For the price they are currently asking this one seems hard to beat.
I've had mine for 2+ years and have used it every day with no problems at all.
The coffee is the best I've ever tasted....nothing beats fresh ground beans.
I think it's actually easy to clean, just 3 parts to wash.
Have had it about a year and other than breaking a carafe have had no problems with it.
Grinding the beans each time provides better taste than just using grounds.
I also use it for making iced tea by putting the bags in the container and turning off the grind feature.
I add water to the concentrated 12 cup brew and end up with a gallon of great tea.
We have had our unit for 8 months and are delighted with it.
I'm not the chef in the family but when I make coffee  with this machine, people invariably comment about how good it is.
As a  reviewer notes below, it does require clean up, including drying, after  each use, but it is worth a little extra effort.
Just  don't think I could go back to regular drip coffee.
I've had this Cuisinart Classic for about a year now and love it.
(I bought it to replace a Krups coffeemaker that I'd had for ten years.) I like it's small footprint and basic design.
But at first I was dumbfounded why it often leaked a watery grind-filled mess on the counter.
Then I realized that if the basket isn't snapped very firmly into place before brewing begins, it's going to leak.
But if a snap is heard and it feels firmly locked before it's turned on, it works perfectly.
After a few months it is broken in and snaps into place much more easily, but still maintains that strong, tight seal.
I haven't had a mess since, although I still automatically check it to be sure it's lined up and locked.
It really deserves a 4.5 all things considered.
But taste wise, it's a 5 plus and makes as good or better coffee than my old Krups for a fraction of the price.
What's not to like? This is a simple to operate coffee maker with no clock to set or complicated controls to figure out.
You don't even need to figure out that little red dial in the top...just turn it to "off" and use your usual amounts of coffee.
The coffee brews hot and stays hot without turning bitter.
In other words, it works like it is supposed to.
All this for less than 20 bucks!So why only 4 stars? Because you can't give 4.5.
The only real complaint is that the funky shape of the carafe makes pouring the last cups a bit of a pain.
It is easier if you hold the lid open, but still harder than it has to be.
Recently I thought I would try to find something better.
Also the carafe pours very well without spilling, unlike others Ive tried.
Im not representing any interests, just stating my experiences.
I just reviewed a previous recent coffeemaker I bought here whose carafe inexplicably cracked quite soon in our relationship.
This Cuisinart model is not another cheap model even though its cost was modest.
Imagine a readable manual written in good English!  My very first pot of coffee tasted noticeably better than that from the old machine.
This coffeemaker requires cone-shaped filters, whether paper or permanent, or both (my preference).
I don't care about pre-settings, and it isn't too big.
Since I have a separate grinder, it doesn't need to masticate for me.
You can always pour extra coffee into a thermos if you brew too much.
Use a measuring cup to fill the water tank to save bother with the glass pot.
This all sounds a lot more comlicated than it is.
This is all totally straightforward, and explained in the simple manual.
Great Cuisinart quality, and precise design on the carafe.
We're so glad we did!  After several weeks of use, here's our review.
The carafe is very comfortable to hold and pours without spilling a drop.
It doesn't take up a lot of counter space, yet still makes as much coffee as our previous Krups 14-cup model.
I use this to grind nuts and seeds.
This little grinder rips through those hard spices in 10 to 15 seconds.
I was very pleased that it chewed up the flaxseed.
It saved me spending $50 for a flax specific grinder.Overall, I highly recommend this product for grinding spices and seeds (5 stars).
As always with Cuisinart, quality goods! Grinds the beans quickly and easy to clean.
Solid construction, clean lines and I love white appliances!.
It allows you to grind coffee all the way down to a powder if you want to.
It grinds fairly evenly, but not as well as a good burr mill.
It cleans out easily and also works great for grinding other herbs and spices, and making for making meat rubs.
It's fairly loud, so use it after everybody is awake (or as a morning wake up call).
It is probably the best buy for under $20.
If you have never ground your own coffee, this is a great way to get a good cup of coffee for little cost.
It also takes up very little counter space and it's available in colors to match just about any kitchen.
This is a lovely, heavy unit that works beautifully.
I bought it mainly for spices but did use it first for coffee beans when I was having trouble with my burr grinder.
The top fits well and the pulsing was far more quiet than I'd expected.
Works as needed to take care of my gowns.
I am able to see through the gown bags to view my item.
This is the first coffee grinder that I have ever purchased and I am extremely pleased.
We bought it for a gift basket but have used one before and it is a great grinder I highly recommend it.
I got this because it was on the deal of the day.
And sometimes I can find great deals on whole bean coffee and you need something to grind it up.
But it came on time, was packed nice.
This is the second one I have purchased.
The first just went belly up after 5 years of heavy use and I immediately went on Ammy and got the same one.
I grind dried beans, lentils, dehy carrots, oats, basmati rice, bee pollen, chia seeds, flax seeds, etc.
I couldn't live as healthily as I do without this little miracle, at least not without chewing my stinking jaw off!.
I do not use it to grind coffee, I use it to grind spices.
I make my own curries from scratch and I needed a little grinder to grind the tiny spice seeds like cumin, coriander and mustard.
It is wonderful and all of the women in my family would like one.
I already bought one for my mom and I am going to purchase more.
This kettle does what its inferior stove-top predecessor did, with less fuss and greater convenience.
There are two obvious advantages to a stovetop kettle.
The other advantage is simply that this device uses less electricity, both in terms of watts and the duration it is required to remain on.
So I am about to order the third.
That anything, including cars, lasts ten years is a small miracle in these days of built in obsolescence.
Reliable, quiet, fast, comfortably balanced in the hand, and attractively designed.
We'd buy another one, but they seem to last forever.
Looks great in my kitchen and so far it's been working very well for me.
I've been looking around at many, many electric kettles trying to find one that does not have any plastic on the inside.
Finally I came across this particular model by Cuisinart and after reading such reviews about it decided to purchase it.
I must say that it is a very nice kettle that heats up water very quickly.
Some have noted that the automatic-off switch stopped working.
Mine is about a year old now and the auto-off function is still working fine.The interior is indeed completely stainless.
There are 2 plastic pieces hanging on the interior stainless stem/tube that you can remove.
They are meant as a guide for the max.
water lever, but you really don't need it.
At least there's not a water-level meter built in to the kettle wall that is constantly in contact with water.
The kettle is still in great shape with no issues whatsoever.
One of the best appliance purchases I've ever made.
I've had this for well over 7 years.
It is still going strong and boils water very quickly.I love it so much that it is a gift I have given numerous times.
I've yet to hear of anyone having a short life issue with their kettle as some other reviewers have indicated.My experience has been very positive.
Love that I can set the kettle on any surface without fear of damaging it.
The cord winds underneath to just the right length.I highly recommend this kettle for this price range.
I found this pot on a friends counter while housesitting last week and am now ordering one for myself!  Attractive and extremely quick.
I drank more tea last week than I think I did my whole life.
I use this kettle several or more times a day.
After reading how dangerous it is to heat water in the micro, this is the only way I heat water.
What more can I say, we have used this daily for 19 years.
It's out lasted a refridgerator, stove, dishwasher and is going head to head with a dual lit English made toaster.
I prefer the squat proportions for ease of use under the cabinets.
Highly recommend this little kettle!!Edit 2012: Still boiling, no problems after 21 years.
I have had this kettle for about 5 years and just love it.
I use it probably 5-8 times a day.
I ordered a new one today for my son-in-law for Christmas.
We were given this kettle as an engagement present in 2003.
We have used it daily for 6 years and now the electrical connection has become spasmodic.
I've owned this unit for at least four years now, and have never had any problems with it.
Plan to get one for my daughter for her new apartment!.
This teakettle is just so handy and quick to heat.
I was always leaving my old teakettles on the burner and letting them boil dry-hard on the range top and the teakettle!.
This one shuts off automatically when the water has boiled.
I did a lot of research to find a no-plastic-inside kettle.
This kettle is great for those of us who do not want plastic touching our hot water.
(You can still tell where the max fill line is.
There's a little bump where the plastic piece used to sit.) The kettle is fast and convenient.
The on switch is big and easy to use.
It is not hot on the bottom so that's no problem.
We have had it for about a month.
I use it several times a day to boil water for tea and other hot drinks and to jump-start pasta, hot cereal, rice, etc.
The size is good at 1.7 liters (7.18 cups).
This is our first electric kettle and we really like it.
I use it almost every day, and the autostop has worked well.
The kettle is aesthetically pleasing, and it appears to be similar to a Danish style.
The cord from the base appears to get warm; however, it does not seem to be too hot.
I read a previous review that said it could be a hazard, but I have not noticed it to be that hot.
If calcium builds up in the kettle, use a combination of vinegar and water to get rid of the calcium.
Also, do not overflow the water above the max mark or the kettle will not shut down.
I've owned Russell Hobbs auto-off teapots and the older Cuisinart auto-off corded teapot.
Maybe I just haven't owned it long enough (little over a year), but I've had zero electrical problems with this kettle.
I have accidentally turned it on many times by bumping it on a crowded counter.
I've had this kettle three years and it works flawlessly, in use at least four times a day.
Moreover, I'v purchased this same model for two children and a stepfather and they've had the same results.
This is an expensive kettle, but it is of high quality and is solidly constructed compared to the cheaper brands.
I have purchased two of these kettles over the last 7 years.
The first one was refurbished and it is still working perfectly.
To replace it, I purchased a cheaper brand for half the cost and it is still working, but it seems flimsy compared to the Cuisinart.
It is just a very solid, attractive, highly functional kettle and worth the more expensive price.
Although I don't use it every day, I use it quite often and find it to be a useful and reliable addition to my kitchen.
Cuisinart has created a small Belgian waffler that is compact,  quick and makes a darned good waffle.
Most of the irons I looked at did not have an indicator light saying when the waffle was done.
BUT, if you know how to measure out the batter, and you make good batter, this is NOT a problem because your won't have spills.
Cooks Illustrated has a good write-up on how to make a good waffle batter...waffle batter must be thick.
Contrary to some reviews I read, I have yet to see any sticking at all and I have not used spray oil on it.
Given the correct batter, this iron will do what you want it to do with ease.
When you are finished using it, you can wind up the cord and set it on it end for easy storage.
Allow it to cool completely before trying to put it away.
(I imagine based on other reviews that she had her own recipe).
The iron itself is pretty easy to use, and doesn't take TOO long.
Plus Cuisinart is a very good kitchen appliance manufacturer.
If you're looking for a small waffle maker, I would still recommend this one.
I recently purchased this waffle maker (my first)and am happy to report that it works just as advertised.
By the second set I discovered the perfect amount.
There are 6 settings to choose from, depending on how brown you like your waffles.
I set mine at &quot;4&quot;, which produced perfect waffles that were very easy to remove from the iron.
I would buy this again in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone!.
I've owned three or four waffle makers and none of them compare to the quality of this gem from Cuisinart.
If you're picky about waffles--and why shouldn't you be?--then spend a little extra on this model and get effortless results.
Plus, you'll have a fun time making waffles (and impressing your family and friends!).
I got her the Cuisinart Ice Cream maker and I knew with her family an extra freezer bowl would come in handy.
I ordered this as an extra bowl for my Cuisinart ice cream maker.
It is exactly the same as the bowl that came with the machine - I wanted a second bowl.
Now I always have &#34;a cold one&#34; ready to use.
I have bought 4 of these over the years ,given2 of them as gifts.
I use 2 all the time.ilove pinaple apple half and half ice creem.it is so easy to make.
An additional freezer is nice to have on in the freezer while the other is in use for flexibility to mix different flavors/options.
I had the machine, and now can make two different types of ice cream on the same day.
With two bowls, you can freeze up one batch right after the other instead of waiting for another day to make the next  flavor.
Do not drop! Canister may crack and ammonia gel will ooze out.
Love this product and the ice cream it makes.
If you have an ice cream maker that this fits, then you know exactly what you're getting.
It's the exact same bowl that comes with it*.
mom loves to make ice cream and now she cam make twice as much and before and she loves to try different flavors.
Best to be prepared with an extra bowl (store in the freezer!) so you are ready when the opportunity for yogurt/ice cream presents itself!.
So glad I found the replacement part to our Cuisinart Freezer.
I love to make a small amount of fresh ice cream, while I am cooking supper.
Secondly, I use it when I need to chill something quickly, then replace it once the chilling is done.
Once again, back into the freezer until it was next needed for ice cream or another quick solution to a chilling problem.
I love Cuisinart electronics and enjoy extending their lives.
I enjoy making homemade foods, and ice cream is a favorite in our home.
The Cuisinart Ice Cream maker lacks in capacity, so the obvious solution was to have a second freezer bowl.
This &#34;replacement&#34; bowl is identical to the bowl provided with the ice cream maker.
I ordered a replacement and within a week I was making my own ice cream at home.
My first batch I simply blended up some Silk fruit and protein mango flavor and it was delicious.
My second batch was the Cuisinart recipe for vanilla.
I look forward to experimenting with other flavors of ice cream/sherbet/sorbet soon.
One tip I have picked up is do not use a metal spoon in the bowl, it will leave unsightly 'scratches' on the surface.
The truth of the matter is that you need to freeze the bowl overnight if you want to make ice-cream.
It's pretty big, so not for people with small freezers (if you want to keep both in the freezer at the same time).
If you make ice-cream a lot or have children and family members with different tastes, you probably should invest in an additional bowl.
Since I retired I've been in the kitchen more, and making more ice cream and sorbets.
In order to keep us supplied during the summer (it gets HOT in Georgia!) I needed a second freezer bowl.
Love the machine, love having a &#34;backup&#34; bowl in the freezer.
If you want to make more than one kind of ice cream, you'll need a second freezer bowl to keep on hand.
I purchased this as an extra Freezing Bowl for the Cuisinart ICE-21 Frozen Yogurt, Ice Cream and Sorbet Maker.
Also,  purchased the book &#34; Ben & Jerry's Homemade Ice Cream & Dessert Book&#34;.
When frozen overnight, this bowl makes ice cream in about 30 minutes, and does it well.
Then it cleans up very easily, and can go right back in the freezer for another round.My main complaint with it is the faulty instructions.
It does *not* take 6-22 hours to freeze properly, or until you shake it and can't hear liquid.
While I do have the ice cream maker, I ordered an additional freezer bowl to have on hand.
Place any metal bowl on the top of this container.
It will be stable and the bowl will get ice cold.
The contents will then cool very quickly.Try this bowl to cool down custard when you are filling pastries.
Just pour in the custard and stir with a spatula for a few minutes.
Soon, you have creamy, cold custard to fill those pastries.I recommend keeping one of these in the freezer at all times.
There are just so many more uses! Use it everytime you need to cool a liquid quickly.
If you have a Cuisinart ice cream maker, this accessory is essential.
I keep both of my bowls wrapped in plastic in the freezer, and I'm always ready when it's time to make some luscious eats.
It's a little pricy, but it's a Cuisinart; so you know it will last forever.
There's not too much to be said for this item beyond the fact that it does what it's supposed to do.
It freezes solid and stays frozen long enough to make ice cream.
If there is even a little mushiness to the liquid inside, you'll hear it.
And if you do, put it back into the freezer for 12 more hours.
Next, get the ice cream out of the bowl as soon as possible after freezing.
It sticks to the side and has to be scraped out.
If your freezer is set low enough, and not too packed, you can probably rotate two  bowls for fresh ice cream every day.
I have a Cuisinart ice cream maker that I think is the best small appliance I have ever owned.
I had seen a suggestion by a reviewer of this appliance that advised purchasing a second freezer bowl.
This is why I purchased this bowl from Amazon.
Probably more power than a home cook needs...but awesome.
The cord could be a little longer though.
This DLC doesn't even blink when kneading bread or processing raw meat.
You will actually smile when you hit switch.
Obviously, you can not pulse ANYTHING very long.
If your old machine took ten pulses to process something, do five pulses with this one, check it, and adjust accordingly.
In the grand scheme of things, Cuisinart food processors have been around a long time, each model being a better design than its predecessor.
My first one was an original design that after almost 30 years, I could not replace the bowl so I had to move on.
Bottom line, Cuisinart does not build junk when it comes to food processors.
A few common sense suggestions here:  the bowl is large and a little heavier than you're likely used to.
It has a nice large handle but it will feel a little awkward trying to twist the bowl using just the handle.
For most people experienced with food processors, that would be the normal way to remove the bowl and the bowl top.
One thing you will notice:  the blade shaft does not fit snuggly on the drive shaft.
Everything else is a toy compared to this biggie.
It does it all and it does it well and it does it for as long as you want it to.
I've had my DLC-X for roughly ten years now.
I bought the largest size specifically for doing bread.
Even though it's a very large and impressive-looking unit, it takes up only a little more space than the smaller, more popular models.
This attachment fit on the center shaft and rotated a small set of twin beaters around counter to the attachment rotation.
It worked well for whipping cream, but I broke the gears in two of them doing mashed potatoes and a fairly sticky candy.
I've been through three tops because the Lexan eventually cracks and breaks.
No, I don't abuse the lids or use the mechanism as an on/off switch, it just seems to happen.
Perhaps in the newer ones they've strengthened this area, hopefully so.
The feed chute is a pain to clean but Cuisinart was trying for max flexibility.
Nothing, certainly, that I can't live with.My other regret is that Cuisinart hasn't made the flat lid w/o tube available for this model.
I'd buy it in a heartbeat.My cooking style has changed somewhat over the past ten years.
After the problem below, we have owned two of these devices and they have been more than dependable.
They are the best truly large 20 cup food processor.
We use ours all the time.The following review is out of date.
It took two months and lots of Cuisinart mistakes to get it back to me.
It was a gift and what a gift!!!This thing gets near daily usage in my house.
We use it to make bread dough and pizza dough.
We use this when we cook Indian food and when we want to make pastes.The options of use are staggering.
We love the discs and the bread blade.
Everything must be put together just right for it to work.
like the spatula that comes with it, slides perfectly across the inside of the container, scraping every last drop out of the bowl.
It's just great!Some people might not like that the settings are either.
on or off, but I'd have it no other way! I get exactly what I want every time I use this food processor!.
The feed-tube assembly took me a little while (an hour!) to get used to.
And I wouldn't suggest mixing a cake as your first project.
Would be better to get used to it before doing anything liquid.
We are partners! Tomorrow I will try to make some bread.
I got this about a month ago to replace my old food processor.
My other one was listed as 12 cup but was quite a bit larger this this one.-Parts are made well and seem very duriable.
My old one was flimsier.-Not sure this one chops as well.
My old one did a great job, but this one I find I need to dice things down before processing or big clumps remain.
I never had that problem with my old one.
The shredding and grating disks are much more efficient on the Cuisinart though.
So it's a toss up there.-This one does a great job kneading bread dough.The first one I received did not work out of the box.
But it's other uses are great like shredding, slicing, kneading dough.
There used to be just a few choices when buying a kitchen appliance.
Amazon has blown that out of the water - and that doesn't always make me happy.
It's tough when you're given a list of over 2,000 items to choose from.
Some are older models and some are brand new.
This is a quality model that will last my lifetime - I hope!  I have sliced and chopped-made a wonderful soup last night.
It's easy to clean and simple to assemble.
READ THE INSTRUCTIONS -I know, not the most glamorous thing to do, but they print them for a reason.
I struggled to get the slicing blade on the post for almost an hour.
&#34;Put it on the counter upside down and the post will snap in&#34;.
I thought &#34;sure it will!&#34; and, to my surprise, it did!  I even bought a second one for my sister for Christmas.
This is a fabulous machine that's a bit heavier than my prior model, but with half the footprint.
I use this for making Hummus, Pie Crusts, Chopping onions for Masala, and various other duties.
Would not trust any other brand, and prefer the lever-style buttons to the press buttons.
Super sharp and fast - really rocks! I have sliced foods thin for the dehydrator - carrots and apples.
Probably not much of a test, but that will be my main use - slicing veggies.
Bought this for son and wife for Christmas.
When I ordered, didn't know I was getting such a great product for such a small price.
Very pleased to be able to give it to them on Christmas.
Sorry I didn't get one for myself at that low price!.
I was given a DLC-8 food processor for a wedding shower gift 29 years ago, and it finally died.
I had lots of extra blades and attachments etc.
from the old one that I still wanted to use, so this new DLC-8S fit the bill.
A lock for the cover, which I didn't need, but I could see why they added it.
I also love the flat top cover that allows me to just use it for chopping without having to use the taller chute feed cover.
I like having both, my old one did not have the flat cover included.
As to Amazon, the delivery came quickly and in good shape, as always.
I am the unfortunate owner of a Kitchenaid 11 cup processor (I rated the Cuisinart 5 stars, but I really do not know).
Although the KitchenAid motor is well made, the plastic bowls are flimsy and poorly designed.
In addition the bowl leaks down the side if liquid is blended.
Consequently, I am thinking of replacing my KitchenAid with the Cuisinart.
I have been using bottom of the line food processors for the past twenty years and decided to upgrade to a Cuisinart.
Many reviewers have commented that this Cuisinart isn't the same quality as the old ones.
My old processor could wake the dead when I grated carrots.
Keep watch on Amazon as the price changes from day to day.
I got an unbelievable deal on mine and am very pleased.
I tend to use a blender for pureeing soup and knives for chopping and dicing.
However, this is the perfect tool for making dressings or shredding cabbage.
It also works REALLY well for cutting cold butter into  flour for pastries and pie crust.
It was to make peanut butter that really started them wanting one.
I have had a food processor for years-Cuisinart of course.
We owned a large Quisinart Processor over 35 years ago which lasted us for nearly 30 years.
The motor on the old unit was still going strong after 30 years.
However, over the years we had lost or broken all the blades so we discarded it when we made a move to a smaller home.
Nostalgia got the better of me and I bought this newer model last year and I really love it.
Well worth the money if you do a lot of cooking and food prep.
Also, a piece of the plastic lid broke like a week after I got it.
That said, overall I still like the machine, and it is a pretty good one for the price.
No complaints...only compliments about it.Why did I buy a Cuisinart? Because I also have one, and my family owned one while I was growing up.
They are easy to use and have held-up well.
I bought this as a gift for my son who loves to cook.
I also have one which is a great addition to helping in the kitchen.
He was amazed at how many things he can prep in a matter of seconds, yes seconds, not minutes.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter and she is very happy with it.
I also have the same model, purchased a year ago, and have used it a lot.
I OWNED MY FORMER CUISINART (DLC-8)SINCE 1973 AND NEVER HAD ONE PROBLEM WITH IT.
HOWEVER, EVENTUALLY, WEAR AND TEAR, CONSISTENT USE, ETC,,, DID MY BABY IN.
I felt compelled to write a review after reading a few recent negative reviews here on Amazon.
I've had my DLC-8S for about 5 years now and use it often without issue.
The motor is still very strong and it performs a wide variety of tasks from shredding and slicing to acting as my blender without complaint.
I even purchased mine used on eBay so I'm sure it already had a couple of years on it then.
Perhaps there are some bad apples out there, but the price is right and the performance is excellent.
The 11 cup capacity has always been more than enough for my family of three as well.
If mine were to die tomorrow I would buy another of this model without hesitation.
This food processor does everything I need it to.
I've used a few other food processors over the years, and none of them are as simple and easy to use as this one.
I love mine, though, and will never buy any other brand.
This Cuisinart is one of the best things I have ever purchased for my kitchen.
In fact, it has place of honor on my countertop at all times.
We even had a small business out of our kitchen for a couple of years and it was used all the time.
It is a very safe, useful kitchen tool and I would never want to be without one again.
I cannot think of anything I would change about it or anything I wish would be added.
Bought to replace a 7 cup one that died after 6 years.
Hope this lasts longer than that one did.
For many years I used a processor from a well known manufacturer not know for food processors.
Finally, I upgraded and am very glad I did.
I love the fact that this is dishwasher safe.
After much research, I finally purchased this at a "morning sale special price of $89.99" over the summer, used it once & put it away.
I went to use it again about a month ago and it wouldn't turn on, as if the motor was burned out.
I LOVE it, & I love the price I got it for.
I wish it came with some type of storage method.
IMO, it's the best processor on the market.
The capaciousness of this model makes it easy to shrewd a whole cabbage and do a million other things.
It's got a powerful motor and I've never had an issue when processing any ingredients.
Purchased for SWMBO, and she absolutely loves her Cuisinart processor.
Has plenty of power, easy to clean, and does not take up much space.
Can be used for multiple other uses depending on the blades purchased.
Has given a year of perfect service without issue so far.
Ordered this for my son to give to his wife for Christmas.
She has really enjoyed having this as part of her kitchen.
I received this model for a wedding gift seven years ago.
Does fine with pesto, and I use it a lot for that.
If I need another one, I'll probably look at other brands as well as Cusinart, but I'm happy with this one now.
I have found this Cuisinart is just as good as they made them 20 yrs ago.
Once you get used to the new locking mechanism they are actually easier to use and the wide tube does the job faster.
My only concern is that the plactic locks on the top part will wear out quickly.
That is the only weak spot in this food processors armor.
I have enjoyed the use of the food processor.
One of the features that  sold me on this appliance, was is that it is easy to put together.
There is  only one way to place the bowl, and the remaining attachments.
I like to  no nonsense buttons of 'on' and 'off'.
We received this as a wedding present, but frankly, we don't use it as often as we probably should.
I have owned and used extensively a Custom 11 purchased in the mid-80s.
The work bowl and blade are beginning to show stress cracks and nicks from use.
In fact, the safety switch mechanism on the cover has now broken off completely.
Based on part numbers, I was guessing that the new DLC-8S would have all the replacement parts plus a new motor for little more.
I just received it and verified that all parts are indeed interchangeable.
A frustrating experience to be sure (plus multiple shipping charges).So I am quite pleased that everything fits and I have a back-up motor as well.
Both the old and new motors have the same power rating (5.2 amps).
It is a little hard to clean but I guess all processors are.
Very powerful and you can't beat the price.
Consider this food processor an investment which will pay for itself for the cost of a few dinners out.
I've used it for all the usual slicing and chopping, but what I've enjoyed most is using it to make my own bread.
It is so easy -- the food processor takes all the hassle out of breadbaking -- no kneading, no mess, no fuss.
The one we had was a little old.
Once it cracked, we knew it was time.
Then we needed to figure out the size.
We had a 9 before so we went just a little bigger (11 cup).This is a quiet unit compared to the last one.
The best part is that it is a real simple processor to use and even easier to clean.
I have had this food processor for a few months now and I am crazy about it.
I researched for a ridiculous amount of time before I bought it, and this seemed to be the best deal for price and quality.
I use it about once a week to make pastry dough, and it whips it up like a dream.
I like the included recipes, and have been experimenting with the different grating discs.
I have not had any problems with it functioning well, and highly recommend it to anyone looking for an above-basic food processor!.
I bought this as a gift for my Mom.
She absolutely loves it!  I have comparable model that's over 10 years old, it still functions flawlessly.
I liked this food processor so much that I purchased it twice.
It is easy to use and easy to clean.
I do regret not upgrading to a larger size though.
If you are preparing food for more than 2 people, the 7 cup capacity might be too small.
This food processor is extremely well designed and well constructed.
One word of caution, unless you need to prepare food for more than 2 people, this is not for you.
Quantity of food makes a difference in your experience.
I don't chop my green onions or mince one or two carrots in there.
It won't work.The free videotape is very well presented and helpful.
I use this food processor almost daily, sometimes multiple times a day.
I've even mixed and kneaded bread dough in this thing and it has come out perfect every time.
This piece of equipment is a must have for my kitchen - I use it a lot.
I had one before (25 years) and the motor was still fine.
The bowl, however, had long since seen better days.
Since the unit was so old, I was not able to get a replacement.
Unfortunately, since I could not get a replacement, I was required to purchase a new one.
The quality can't be beat, and you can't go wrong with purchasing one of these.
This is our standard wedding gift for any new couple that has even a minimal amount of interest in cooking.
Eventually and then frequently it will become a necessity.
Ours is 21 years oldand hasn't skipped a beat.
So I am the proverbial empty nester, and my husband and I simply don't need a large food processor most days.
After using a large one for over thirty years, I was reluctant to consider leaviNg the brand.
I am happy to say that this size delivers all the power and the precision of a larger model.
Sometimes when making a smaller item, the function gets too intense for the quantity, however this does not occur her.
Mine came with a book ;)Works like a charm!.
I love cooking however I despise the prep and cleaning work.
After a piece of the old bowl broke, I decided it was time to replace my FP.
I am impressed how I actually manage to slice or chop whole tomatoes without having chunky puree.
The wide and slim feeder tubes are a definite must have and are easy to handle; the flat cover is a nice bonus.
I also love the fact that I can put everything in the dishwasher.
I purchased this processor 2 years ago when going on the raw food diet and use it to this day.
The blades are still sharp, there is very minimal rusting on them, even though I use it at least once a week.
It grinds nuts with no problem, making them into a paste if there is a need.
It also cuts tomatoes without making them into mush.
It is also rather compact, fitting into my tiny kitchen perfectly.
Makes salads in a jiffy, cuts down cooking time significantly.
I would definitely recommend this food processor.Update:4 years later and still running great with all original parts.
The blade is duller, so it doesn't chop as finely, but still good enough that I don't need to change it just yet.
I bought it as a gift for my husband about a month ago and we haven't stopped using it since.
Wonderful piece of machinery and does the job oh so well.
We used to to make dough for my husband's strawberry glazed pie as well as to shred strawberries.
The feeding tube is amazing, keeping things nice and clean and finely shredded.
Veggies, fruit, you name it comes out in nice and beautiful pieces that can used for decoration on any plate.
Size and the price are the best! Buy it, use it and you will not regret it.
Had one for 10 years and lost it in the divorce.
Just bought the latest and greatest version and have fallen in love all over again.
Nice design improvements and cutting veggies for salads is a snap.
Really bought it to make my "killer" homemade humous.
We'd been using my mother-in-law's original cuisinart food processor for several years (so a 30+ yr.
old machine) and only replaced it because I found a new blender with food processor capabilities.
That infomercial blender was horrible!  I was so relieved that cuisinart still makes this classic design.
Friends who have cheaper processors also love their products.
I am very happy with this food processor and am so happy that Amazon carries it.
It is just the right size for a family of 4 and it doesn't take up but a little bit of counter space.
It does a beautiful job of anything you put it to task with.
It is easy to use, clean and keep handy on the counter.
Too bad they don't make this exact unit in stainless or in colors........It would be great in red.
I got this 2 years ago for Christmas and love it.
I keep it in it's original box in my cabinet because I don't use it that often.
It was a little difficult to disassemble and clean the first few times I used it, but now it's no problem at all.
I remember how to get everything apart and put back together.
All I can say about that is, make sure you look at the pictures and diagrams closely.
Then, you simply add the pureed vegetables back to the soup and continue cooking.
This may be common sense, but I had no idea until reading through the instruction manual.
So, I thought I'd include it in my review.
Overall, this is an awesome food processor and I highly recommend it.
I'm expanding my cooking a bit, and find myself using it more often.
I found this out when I decided to make a soup with all the squash that my CSA kept giving me.
If you want to make puree's or soups, you'll need something bigger.
This is made simply for chopping and maybe some small blending.Normally, this chops anything I throw in there to a very fine texture.
Leave it in there for longer and it comes to a chunky liquified form.
good for making curry pastes or healthy spreads.
The lock in mechanism is very innovative, and the processor will not turn on unless this is locked in place.
It is made almost idiot proof, so you can't really turn it on and stick your hand in at the same time.Cleanup is relatively easy.
If you use a dishwasher, all the components can be taken apart with ease and thrown into a dishwasher.
I have a hand-me-down blender that works amazing (old stuff was made to last) and this is my first processor.
The price seems high to me, but I really don't know if that's the norm or not.
Seems like a lot if you don't use it that often as I do.
But if you plan to use it a few times a week, it is probably a safe buy.
Just keep in mind it's not really for liquids and you should be right as rain.
I wrote Macys a check for my Cuisinart DLC 10 Food Processor about 24 years ago...Probably the best check I ever wrote.
I cannot imagine a better value for any other purchase I have made.
Hundreds of bowls of salsa, mountains of pie crust dough and barrels of shredded everything later.
I have never once needed a single part or piece replaced.
I have probably replaced every single item in my kitchen at least twice but not my Cuisinart Food Processor!.
I absolutely LOVE this food processor.It makes chopping vegetables, meat, nuts, etc.
I also use it to make certain sauces.
You have to remember though, if you fill it too full, it will leak and or spill.
This is easy enough to remedy by pouring some out into a bowl and continuing on.Highly recommended!.
Smooth and much quieter than hamilton beach and cheaper brands.
I never use anything except the metal S blade so I can't say anything about the other attachments.
I  actually own this and the pro custom 11(DLC-8S).
I process a lot, so 2 units are better for me.
I like the flat cover that is included on these units (many units you can't get flat covers apparently).
The switch - it's just down for pulse and up for on and the middle is off.
It's important not to overfill these with the metal S blade.
I usually fill to the top of the metal S blade or and use my 11 cup processor for larger portions.
The top of the metal S blade is 3 cups.
Things like salsa you might get away with 3 cups but 12 oz.
But the main reason for 2 processors is because I do process multiple things on the same day or same time.
This 7 cup processor is a little large for a 7oz.
I have had this product just a few weeks, but it has already proven itself well worth the price I paid.
The machine and its accessories appear well-built and sturdy, and the motor is very powerful--600 watts.
Its size, 7 cups, seems just about right for my purposes.
Now I am adding my voice to theirs.
Some critics complained that it is complicated to use.
I think that's more perception than reality, since it does look a bit complicated at first.
However, all you really need is to read through the instruction book and do a couple of practice runs with the food processor.
It's not rocket science by any stretch of the imagination.
My friend got one many years ago and it still works as though it's new.
Every real cook needs a Cuisinart and a 7-cup is a good size machine.
Saves you so much time in the kitchen!  This price on this machine was the main selling point for me.
It arrived as promised and works like a charm.
Excellent food processor, powerful, willing to slice and chop through most anything.
Base is very heavy and sturdy, accessories are great for making anything from sweet potato chips to a pesto sauce to marinate your chicken in.
My only complain is the level of &#34;safety&#34; this thing has, I understand lawsuits and such but with this device, it goes to extremes.
The crazy amount of safety mechanisms can be overwhelming at first but the wife and I have both gotten quick at using this.
It's a good food processor but it's just so bulky.
It comes with so many attachments which is great.
The body itself is so heavy and the design looks like they haven't changed it since the 70's.
The most used appliance in my kitchen! I am not sure how I survived without it before.
I make many salads and cook with vegetables; my cooking time has decreased significantly after I bought this food processor.
I even bought the same food processor for  my parents.
This processor has many different blades and options for various cut sizes.
I love this thing! It does it all.
Chops meat, makes pesto and purees soup in a flash.
In retrospect, I may have done better to get the 14 cup since I cook so much, but the 7 cup still works well size-wise.
What a deal at $99! Cuisinart is the king of food processors! I love mine and use it a lot.
They need to update the "how-to" video VHS to a DVD, though.
It sits on my counter waiting my beck and call.
It is a great help for those who cook lots and lots.
Quality and a bargain price--who could argue with that?.
Before I comment on other features of the food processor, I should mention that I bought this DLC-10S used/second-hand.
By manufacture date, it is 13 years old and still works as good as when it first came off the presses.
I have no doubt that it will last another 13 years - Cuisinart just makes good food processors - period.
The DLC-10S, from what I understand, was introduced around 1992, and Cuisinart still makes it in 2009, which says something.
Cuisinart has smaller, mini-prep food processors for smaller items.This item has a 3-year parts, and a 5-year motor warranty, but I never needed it.
I like the way the Cuisinart  chops vegetable, it was easy and quick.
This processor has been an amazing addition to our kitchen.
I feel like since having it, we have started cooking more complex meals because we can do it faster.
Using this is the only way we can cut our meat up into thin slices the way restaurants do.
it is a good food processor and I am happy with it.
it does what it is supposed to do, it does not take up a lot of space, and it is easy to clean.
I can prepare all kinds of delicious things with this machine.
checkout this very popular book.The Kitchen Ninja: Recipe Book.
The true test will be whether or not it holds up, as this review was solicited after having used this food processor only one time.
Just got the DLC-10S and love it!  It took me a while to decide between this one and the DLC-2007N.
The DLC-2007N does not.* This has a 600w motor, the 2007N has a 500w motor.* This says "Classic Pro" - I like that.
And it matches my white Vitamix - I like that, too.Happy processing!.
What can you say?  It's a cuisinart!  Classic and competent.
I ordered this one after a piece broke off on the one I had for the last 20 years (motor was still fine).
This is a great machine that I now find I am using daily for blending, chopping, mixing etc.
I find the motor very strong and the machine itself very sturdy.
So far I haven't found anything beyond it's capabilities.
I use it all the time for a multitude of recipes.
This is my second Cuisinart Food Processor, My old one is 20 years old and I wore it out!!.
I feel like a professional chef when I use this processor.
I could of become a chef, but I don't like the hours involved.
This is my first large food processor, and I love it!  I have used it to chop veggies, make vegan whipped cream, and shred pototoes.
I was astounded at how quiet it is, especially compared to my old Black & Decker food processor.I'm happy to have the two different lids.
However, because the center post of the Cuisinart is so low, anything very liquid-y will leak through, as it does whenever I make my salsa.
I have had more fun with this machine.
Made bread dough,sliced tomato,sliced celery,cucs,salsa,green tomato relish.Quality is the name of this tool.
If you have the space for this baby, it will be your best friend.
With this product you can cook a dinner for 100 vegetarians and still have time for a pedicure.
Cleaning them is a bit of a pain.
but with the time it saved you from peeling and slicing, it's a small price to pay.
This machine way exceeds my expectations! It also comes with a DVD and recipe book.
And I LOVE the size! Much better than the small one I have.
Ooh! And the emulsification feeding tube is extremely useful! My old one doesn't have that.
The old ones were a waste of money.
This thing is excellent! I don't have a dishwasher so I wash by hand.
Lol! But I love it that much! This and my vitamix are life savers! :-).
I bought this to surprise my wife that has been asking for one for a couple of years.
I looked around and this one seemed to be the best overall liked one.
It chops so easy and cuts so smoothly and very powerful.
Wish it came with something to hold all the extra parts your not using.
It Works!  It has replaced 2 Choppers and a lot of hand mincing.
I use it for all my cooking prep work and it has functioned above my expectations.
Discover 30 minute meals for busy families!Also highly recommended!.
If you cook, this can be a real time and money saver.
Not only in vegetable prep but also dough making and baby food, among many other things.
If you have a freezer, you can prepare ready to heat/eat meals for large cost savings.
also get one or more cookbooks as these have suggestions for uses you never thought of.http://www.amazon.com/The-New-Food-Processor-Bible/dp/1770500286/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1392248166&sr;=8-1&keywords;=book+%22food+processor%22.
This ROCKS!I am AMAZED at how quiet it is.It is also fast and runs smooth.Too bad I waited so many years to get this.
I was using a cheapy that was noisy and not any where near as solid as this bad boy.
Then just pop it in the dishwasher for easy cleaning.
Blades are sharp, so consider the optional container, or just put them in tupperware and save the bloated cost of the optional blade container.
We have owned this product for over a year and use it several times a week.
I have just got done reading the handful of 1-2 star ratings and was left scratching my head in confusion.
A food processor and a blender DO process things very differently and now, I wouldn't be without either one.
We relied on the blender and cheap-o processors for some time.
Cuisinart is still the top name in food processors.
Smooth easy operation and the blades work perfectly.
Compared Kitchenaid and Cuisinart in all the large sizes.
This was the sweet spot for me.At 7 cups you get good motors and full featured processors.
The big question I asked myself was whether 7 cups was large enough.
I've already been able to able to make a 13x9 inch cake and two loaves of bread.
You should ignore those reviews about liquids since these people clearly don't understand how to use this thing.
Frankly, my Kitchenaid mixer is now on a shelf and is getting used very rarely.
But my Kitchenaid blender continues its excellent service as before.So obviously I have a number of Kitchenaid products and like them a lot.
But in this case though I chose the Cuisinart.
First, they've been making this unit forever so I figured they must have figured it out by now.
Most importantly though I liked the accessories with the Kitchenaid.
In the seven quart size, Kitchenaid get kind of limited.
With the Cuisinart I got the extra dough blade, a more useful slicing width, and the big winner is the extra top.
The extra top lack the feed tube but does have a center spot to pour in liquids.
Since I'm either mixing or chopping at least 80% of the time it is REALLY nice to ignore the big cumbersome feed tube top.
The simpler top is SOOO much easier to clean and handle than the feed tube top.
So I have no hesitation to use it - usually once or twice a day for some sort of chore.
This one feature alone is enough to choose this unit!.
this is a great item and is nice ot have if youdo a fair amount of cooking.
As a vegetarian, I regret not purchasing this food processor years ago.
It does everything it claims to do, and seems very sturdy--a once in a lifetime purchase, most likely.
This food processor has proven itself time and again; I don't give it heavy use, but each time I use it, it performs well.
it's user friendly, easy to clean, and makes your life so much easier.
if you cook with a lot of veggies, this product will be your best friend.
I like it very much!I should use it more often but get lazy, although it is easy to clean and operate.
It is great for smaller jobs and it works just great...Happy I purchased this over the larger model.
My old Cuisinart (over 30 years old) was still going strong.
The problem with it was that the tab in the cover that slides into the slot on the handle broke off about 6 years ago.
I kept the piece and figured out how to place the broken piece in the slot to keep it working.
Needless to say, I didn't use it all that much after that.
Replacement parts were going to be expensive, and I wanted to get another Cuisinart eventually.
Voila!  Amazon had an offer I couldn't refuse on this little darling.
It's just like my old one, except it has the new flat cover included (super idea, by the way).
I love it!  It's the only brand of food processor for me.
If I had known how easy and time saving a food processor was I would have bought one of these a long, long time ago.
I tend to put a lot of stress on my kitchen and all my tools and gadgets.
I've done this work before  by hand (hours of drudgery!) and with  mandolin (better than a knife, but still awful) and other food processors.
I am a Cusinart fan and this processor serves me well.
I could not do without it and highly recommend it.
Cuisinart DLC-10S Pro Classic 7-Cup Food Processor, White.I bought this in December, thinking it would be useful for Christmas cooking but I was more-than-a-bit intimidated.
Her daughter told us that the old processor broke down 2 weeks earlier and this arrived at the most perfect timing.
I bought it for making bread because of the reg.
mixers that I read about did not make the grade most of the time.
This processor does a great job as a dough mixer.
I have not use it for anything else yet.
With the power it has I think it will do a good job on anything.
I would have given it a five star I found some dough under the mixing bowl.
I think they should have made the bowl a little deeper.
The 7-cup food processor is just the right size for almost any mixing, grating or chopping job in the kitchen.
The wide feed tube allows you to put larger objects into the processor, such as a whole zucchini or a large wedge of cheese.
I use mine to make pesto, grate cheese, cream soups, chop onions, mix pizza dough, and countless other chores.
I have owned other generic brands of food processors in the past, but the quality and lifespan couldn't compare to the Cuisinart.
Didn't want a huge food processor at a huge price and this one is just right.
Runs smoothly and quietly and is easy to use and clean.Thanks, Amazon!.
great product, love it have used this several times and overall have not had any issues, easy to clean as well.
Because I use my Cuisinart so much, I thought that my two daughters would really enjoy this machine.
Guess the younger generation isn't into cooking as much as we were because they hardly ever use theirs.
That said, when they do need it, they tell me it's a joy to use.
(Hmmm, mine's wearing out so maybe I can talk one of them out of theirs.
I have wanted a food processor for years.
And after gaining confidence through watching various cooking shows (in particular Barefoot Contessa) I finally purchased this little machine.
It is WONDERFUL!!!! I have created so many recipes because it is amazing how much this little device saves time.
Cut each side of the peppers off of the core.
From the time it arrived, the processor has been used at least once daily.
The use and care booklet provided more than enough info to get great results from the get go.
The video got tossed, so cannot comment on its value.
We highly recommend this, especially at the $99 price.
Love this machine as does everything I want.
The smaller size works for my family yet big enough for me to prepare pesto's and such for freezing.
While I usually chop on a plastic cutting board with a big chef's knife, the Cuisinart makes several tasks a lot easier.
If you are making hash from leftover corned beef, a short burst in this food processor is the easiest way to go.
The one thing the Cuisinart does is heat up the dough if you whirl it around too much, so you have to be careful.
I really have to highly recommend the Cuisinart Pro Classic food processor.
Compared to others that I have used, this thing is night and day more powerful.
It's easy to set up, easy to use, works very well and cleans up easily.
The sound of the motor in this thing is intense, and it had made short work of anything I have chopped in it so far.
This is my first processor and boy did I find out what I was missing.
For the most part it is the right size for two people.
But for me this size is just fine.
It is heavy and can process anything I have thrown in it.
I cook a lot of whole foods, so I do a lot of cutting and chopping - which I like to do.
But we adopted a large dog from the pound, and I found myself in need of a food processor to make home-made dog food.
It's so easy to chop a batch, empty and chop another batch.
I was initially skeptical of the quality of Cuisinart, but this is a very well-made piece of machinery.
The motor is very quiet, and very strong.
Clean up is a snap - if I've only processed veggies, I just rinse the components.
If I've chopped meat or something else, I'll either hand-wash or put in the dishwasher.
I always wash my blades by hand though - it will keep them sharp longer.
Edit 06/03/2014 - owned this for about a month now and have used all of the included blades and discs.
No more buying the ridiculously over priced pre-grounded meat!  The dough blade is great for making the dough (not for kneading though I don't think.
I think you can use the regular blade for dough making as well).
try coating with a thin layer of oil on that.
I own a dehydrator, and with the 4mm disc i made the perfect slices of apples for dehydrating.
The nuts themselves were hot and the portion of almonds i had in there required longer processing.
That's the only time the base got a little hot (pretty sure the almonds contributed their own heat).
otherwise it's so powerful i really never had to use it continuous for very long.
The unit comes with 2 discs (a 4mm slicing disc and a julienne disc).
Also comes with the basic chopping/pureeing/whatever blade, and a dough blade.
The unit isn't extremely tall but i had trouble fitting it into one of my cabinets with everything assembled.
Now I disassemble the base from the cup and lid before putting away.
It's definitely quieter than my personal sized blender, which is really surprising since the food processor is supposed to have a much more powerful motor.
The included spatula was fantastic at scraping the sides.The 4mm slicing disc is really amazing.
the basic blade is awesome and I was able to use it this weekend to chop up the veggies for making chinese dumpling's filling.
He is having great fun with it and something he, himself, would not have spent the money for but truly appreciates.
I am soooo glad I replaced my aging food processor (another brand) with this baby.
Not only is it quiet, but it does exactly what it is supposed to do very quickly.
Love the big spout for potatoes and stuff.
My only regret is that I waited so long to get this!.
This model, which was delivered today, is number five since 1989.
Emily asked a few questions, she determined my part was covered and she is sending me a replacement, it should be here within a week.
Some of the parts are a bit awkward.
It took me time to learn how to correctly fit the tops.
The grater works perfectly, but a block of cheese does not fit, it has to be cut into 4 pieces.
The chopper blades works great, even to grind coffee beans.
This is better made than my previous Cuisinart food processor & the parts are more durable.
I use mine a couple of times a week.
I don't know how I did without this before.
I use it to make my butter so it gets a workout.
It is build so nice and super sturdy on the counter.
I love how I can julienne my veggies with such ease.
I bought this for one purpose - shredding cheese.
I've tried several shredders and was never satisfied with the effort and clean up.
This machine is pulled out to shred cheese, then ALL the messy pieces are put directly into the dishwasher.
They come out sparkly clean and the food processor is put back into the cabinet.
Same with Mozzarella - one whole milk, one part-skim.
I have two of these and love the convenience and features.
My husband and I love to cook and there are just some things you can't do without.
My first Cuisinart is 20 years old and still works great.
I bought the second for a lake house and although it is a bit smaller, it does everything you would expect.
The cleanup is easy and they last forever.I highly recommend the Cuisinart!.
My fault for not paying attention to the bowl size.
In fact, I am grateful for the smaller size.
we bought this to help prep for 27 Thanksgiving guests.
It handled all the mincing duties (15lbs of veggies - in batches of course) without a hitch.
Make sure to read the instructions on how to achieve the desired size/dice you want.
I thought it was too small, but hasn't limited anything I've tried yet!.
I purchased this after having much experience using my mom's and other friend's Cuisinarts.
This is a great size when cooking for one or two.
If you have a large family, or want to make large amounts, this one may be a bit too small for your needs.
I did make too much salsa one night, and had a bit of an overflow issue!  Other then that, this is a great machine!.
This is my first procesor,Which I bought after much thought.
I have had it a week and am very pleased with the machine.
I bought this one because it came with a video,its a good video, and reduced my learning curve.
For under $100 I have all the blades I need too.
I have  ways to go before I use this machine instinctively, but i have been practicing on dog bisquits,and have a lot of happy dogs.
As an experienced family cook, i could not think how a food processor could improve and benefit my cooking.
It is not only about saving time, most importantly it helps reduce the stress of food prep.
Food prep requires lots of attention to detail and is labor intensive, definitely cannot be done "in my sleep" for most people.
If you are bored of salad (as i was), a food processor will change that.
Because it takes a lot less brain power for food prep, while machine is chopping things up, i think up new ingredients to add.
This is when the food processor really helps not miss the beat on fresh vegetables and fruits.
We have been wanting a food processor for a while and decided to just go ahead and purchase this.
The price is good and the motor is powerful.
Best of all, just place the used parts in the dishwasher.
I didn't want a giant one so I settled on the 7 cup Cuisinart.
So far, it is very efficient and works nicely.
I love that it can go in the dishwasher, too.
We were so happy with it, that we bought an identical one for our son and daughter-in-law.We are very pleased at this time.
Love this! This is the older, classic model with the easier to use paddle switches and a much better price.
Top rack dishwasher safe, and I use it a lot.
Once you have one, you use it and don't know how you lived with out it!A true classic.
It comes with a dvd disc that explains and shows you all kinds of tips and recipes.
It's great and not all that bad to clean.
This is the second Cuisinart food processor I have owned.
In fact it is the second food processor period I have owned in my life.
My first Cuisinart lasted for over 14 years (of moderate use) with nothing more than a small crack in the cutting blade hub.
Nothing too weird though but the integrated pusher assembly was new to me.
The bowl attaches to the motor like my old model.
The slicing and shredding blades are different as they are just flat discs without a dedicated stem.
I looked through the printed manual to learn how to use the pusher assembly and could not find anything.
Nor could I find instructions on how to attach the stem to either blade.
I opened the included DVD and watched the lady "demonstrate" the different parts and what they are used for.
Except she just talks and doesn't do anything in clear how-to steps.
I own several Cuisinart brand small appliances and haven't been unhappy with any yet.
For the amount of money I paid, I would have expected it to be easier to clean.
Also, I have to unlock the top, unlock the base then lift the thing every time I need to empty it out.
I like that it has a lot of different blades and I'm hoping I'll be able to use all of them.
The directions were kind of confusing for the julienne and slicing blades, it wasn't making sense that I needed to turn the container upside down.
Cuisinart- when the chopping is needed, the Cuisonart gets going.
Powerful motor, great components, made like it's a once in a lifetime purchase.
This one I bought as a housewarming gift for my son but I've had mine going on 20 years.
Buy quality and you only have to buy it once.
I have never used a food processor before, so I was a bit apprehensive about purchasing it.
I was worried about not knowing how to put it together or too many parts to clean.
Well it is a breeze and very easy to clean.
There are only a few pieces to put together so it was less complicated than I had imagined.
I've had it for a long while now but today I finally got around to using the other attachments.
I used the slicer attachment to slice up some cabbage, worked just as well as slicing it by hand.
Don't think it really saves time over doing it by hand but it does work.
However, it would probably save time if you happen to already have the processor out i.e.
I then tried out the shredder attachment and it shredded up carrots effortlessly.
It's faster than doing it by hand but the julienne pieces weren't completely consistent but still not too bad.
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great processor at a great price.
This one kind of smallish compared to my others and this limits what you can put into it.
Very good price but this one harder to use than my Cusinart.
It has different cutting methods which is perfect for cooking all sorts of dishes.
My favorite thing to do so far is to slice sweet potatoes and bake sweet potato fries.
This cuisinart food processor is just the right size for two people.
I had a larger one previously which I used for well over 20 years.
I leave it out on the counter top and I use it practically every day.
I can't say enough good things about Cusinart Food Processor's.
And as usual it arrived promptly from amazon.com.
Love it! I previously had the 11-cup Cuisinart.
I'd had it about 20 years; then the small plastic parts started breaking off the main parts.
I make and freeze Pesto every summer from fresh basil in our garden.
Big enough? (It was cheaper than buying new parts for the 11-cup.) So I ordered it.YES! It was big enough.
Handy, too, for cutting fresh veggies for stir-fry.My husband gets inspired to use it, too, for his homemade pizzas.
This is one of the small kitchen appliances that I use the most.
I have owned quite a few food processors over a lifetime of cooking.I quickly eliminated any brand but Cuisinart.
But I stayed with the 'mini' type, three or four-cup machines, as I generally cook for one.
But I got tired of chopping everything small even before putting it in the chopping bowl.
And, if I didn't, I got tired of very uneven chopping.
I have never been happier with a decision.
This is truly like driving a Mercedes as opposed to a Volkswagen.
And amazingly powerful:  it makes short and easy work of chopping an onion or peppers in a matter of seconds, dicing mushrooms, grating carrots.
I quickly got over it.This great unit cut my time making a tomato sauce, on the first time out, by at least half.
And did the work infinitely better than ever before.
No, I take that back:  it WAS fun working with such a great, beautifully designed machine.
I do a lot of cooking and would be lost without it.
Also, the old pieces fit on this machine, which gives me a spare (slightly eroded) bowl and lid.
A few years ago, I replaced one of the lid pieces at a cost of about $35.
This time, I received a whole new machine for $100 (used ones are going for $75 on eBay).
Excellent product!  I had never owned a food processor and I am very pleased with the ease of use and clean up of this one.
I had been sort of intimidated with them, but found this very easy to understand the directions.
This food processor is great! Very easy to use and does a great job.
I am so glad I went with this one over the cheaper ones I was considering.
GREAT FOR ABOUT ANYTHING YOU WANT TO SHRED, CUT OR MIX.
bought this appliance in hopes it would shred well and it does a great job.
very solid base, it does not move when you are using it.
I have found Cuisinart to be very consistent with their products.
I had this model many years ago but ended up selling it.
After my recent move I found myself having to completely furnish my new home.
I was excited to receive it and see the quality and style has not changed.
First food processor I've owned so I don't have much to compare it to.
Made some falafel with it, seemed to work just fine.
I like that the parts are all dishwasher safe.
Give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I have trouble figuring out how to swap out components easily.
If you have or had an older Cuisinart and need to replace it as I did, this is a great model.
It has all the same features as the original so you can pretty much just start using it without a big learning curve.
Most of the blades from the older model work with this one so don't throw those out.
Got this for my 73 year old wife for Christmas and she is completely enamored with it.
She watched the accompanying DVD video and immediately set out on a grocery shopping spree and began to use this fantastic machine.
She is starting to make things that she never visualized before and I am delighted with the results.Thank you Cuisinart and thank you Amazon.
It is much better quality than the 10 year-old one I replaced.
It is very quiet and the chopping quality is far superior.
The feed tube is easy to use and the blades are very easy to change.
The first one I bought was over 30 years ago.
The quality and performance of Cuisinart food processors is hard to top.
The most amazing part is how quiet it is.
I make fresh pasta, pie crust, and a whole lot more in just seconds.
It makes me feel like a professional chef when I see the results.
I cook for two people and this food processor is just the right size for that.
I use it to slice, shredd, mix, chop, make dough (around 2 cups) and it works just fine.
For dough, add water slowly and don't add more than two and half cups of flour at a time.
Several reviews noted that the video came in obsolete VHS form.
I found that most of my fat fingers don't fit, but I can manage the trick.The many parts become second nature rather quickly.
I have a teeny tiny RV kitchen sink, no dishwasher, and I still manage to wash it OK.
I found the addition of the 6mm french fry blade was the only addition I'll likely use.
I'll likely use the shredder for any kind of julienne output.
Have to get the ingredients for potato pancakes.
It's small and fits nicely on the counter.
It has accomplished every task I have asked of it.
I am a 76-year old food processor nut.
Maybe it's a fetish, but I LOVE what these machines can do! At last count, I own about 6 of them.
This one is in the middle of Cuisinart's designs line.
7-cups is an ideal size! I dump in roasted spanish peanuts, and in 6 or 8 minutes, I pour out warm peanut butter.
By far a food processor is the easiest and quickest way to make a loaf of bread!! Takes about 2 minutes.
This unit lends itself well to simple cleanups.
Cuisinart are known for having the best food processors and this one is no exception.
First up, coming out of the box the base unit has a surprising heft.
This is the efficient motor, which is also very quiet.
The blades are extremely sharp which is a real assist when making pureed things such as hummus and baba ghanoush.
We've been making do with a smaller Cuisanart for years and finally got around to upgrading to the larger model.
It took me awhile to figure out that the expandable top piece does not actually separate - the manual wasn't clear on that point.
The slicing disc and the grating disc that come with the unit both seem pretty sharp.
I have used both and they do a good job on vegetables.
I know there is a separate julienne disc (and others) but I think I'll be fine with the two that came with it.
I am generally pretty skeptical of kitchen gadgets, but a food processor is an essential.
I can whip up a batch of cookies, a pie crust or pesto in this thing in no time.
I've had it for 7 years and it's still going strong.
I grinds through all the meat and vegetables I feed to it to make kebobs.
It is very basic, but gets the job done.
I have owned it for two years and it is a work horse.
I looked into buying replacement parts, but just the dough blade and the large pusher assembly was going to cost more than $50.
I figured if I was going to spend that much on replacement parts, I may as well buy a new one for $100.
Fits on the counter, looks nice, easy clean up.
Now I just have to learn to use all the functionality.
For the past few years I have convinced myself that I did not need a food processor.
I finally caved in and purchased this model.
I love it and I don't know how I managed without it.So far I have made a dip and a seafood ravioli filling.
It is the quietest food processor I ever seen.I recommend this product and feel for the price it is a good value.
It is a good size for 2-4 people.
If you have a large family and cook for a lot of people I advise that you purchase the larger 11 cup version.
As always, Amazon shipped item and I received in 2 days.
Immediately unboxed the items using the unpacking directions on the box.
First thing I did was watch the video, recommend you do this first, explains everything in detail and gives some excellent recipes.
Cleaned and set up the processor and used first time to chop veggies.
Next, I used the bread kneading attachment and made a loaf of pumpernickel bread.
Next, I made cornbread using the recipe in the booklet.
Came out nice but a bit dry and tasted like something was missing.
Next time I will try making it in the processor using my own recipe.
All-in-all, I found this processor well worth the money spent and excellent time saver for those of us who bake bread, etc.
All other parts are cleaned by hand thus the need for the brush.
There are just two of us so the big food processor is great for parties but not for day to day cooking.
Since we stopped eating process food we cook at home.
Well you can only cook if you have the right equipment.
I been the cook in the house for the last 50 years.
I am leaving this review because I find them helpful.
The other nice feature which some many not like but you must cut the food in  1 &#34; squares because the opening is small.
I had one just like it that lasted form early 1980's till last year when a friend came over to help cook something.
they put the bowl down too close to the stovetop and it caught on fire.
I used this one 6 or 7 times already in the week that I have it and it is great.
Just remember not to add too much liquid to it as it will spill out.
next time i will get a larger one.
but this is fine for two or three people.
goog quality, works fine and multifunction, i used for cuting,  shreding, mixng etc.
powerful motor, and well constructed, pieces fit well, safety standars o.k, just follow intruccion for cleaning and functions, The size? enough for a family.
This processor gets used every other day on the average.
It is reliable and saves me a lot of time.
I've heard people complain about cleaning all the parts after using, but it isn't that bad.
If you can keep the unit on the counter, so much the better.
My folks don't like the way it looks, so they tuck it away in the garage.
As a result, they don't use it much.
The julian strip blade is a joke; avoid buying this if possible.
Just slice with wide blade turn potato 90 degrees and slice again.
A decent-sized unit which seems to frustrate those who want to add a bit of their finger to the mix.
The safety features left me confounded for a bit; it must be the safety engineer from Hell who was involved with the design.
Watching all those Masterpiece Theater presentations has spoiled me when it comes time to cook.
But then I remember that those hard-working cooks of those bygone eras didn&#8217;t have this unit to make their lives easier.
You buy it and it will be &#8220;play time&#8221; in your kitchen.
It's very powerful, and that said, the motor is very heavy, so it's definitely an at-home tabletop device.
I spent a couple of months researching various brand names and models.
Just the two of us, so I did not want more than a 7-cup processor.
I'm sure it's one of the best on the market.
It does not have a large footprint which I also like.
It is quiet as far as processors go.
I think anyone would be pleased with this model.
It is so quiet and my husband can be in the same room as me when I'm using this.
This Cuisinart DFP is the most bad-ass kitchen appliance I have ever owned.
It is dwarfed in size compared to most other food processors, like my mother's.
It's so small that at first glance, it looks like it may have trouble with anything beyond basic chopping.
In fact, I was reluctant to put anything in it beyond onions, celery, carrots - the basic food processor fare.But it did well.
So I challenged it - first with ice, then moving into harder nuts, but it tore through those with no problem.
Nope, chopped everything just fine.There was nothing I put in there that it couldn't demolish, so I nicknamed it "The Kiddo" - for two reasons.
First, it's so damn small it almost looks like a kid's version of a food processor.
Second, it's just like Uma Thurman in Kill Bill - it chops the bejeesus out of everything in its path.
I've washed it a million times, hand-washed and put it through the dish washer, no warping, blade still sharp as ever.
If anything, this device has dulled my own knife skills.
It doesn't get better than this for kitchen appliances.
Go ahead a splurge - you won't be disappointed.
My old one I rarely used but this one I use several times a week.
I can get it off the lid but not apart from the chute.
This makes that particular part difficult to clean.
I have had one of these for years and use it for practically everything including breadmaking.
I bought this one for a close friend who is a disabled Vietnam veteran.
His came with more accessories than mine did and, because of the way he talks about his, I may add a few things to mine.
If you're looking for a STRONG, versatile processor, this is your baby.
I bought this food processor almost one year ago before Christmas, mainly to grind meat for holiday sausage.
I'm amazed how it zips through any task - from grinding meat, to slicing potatoes, to making bread and cracker crumbs.
Homemade mayonnaise and horseradish are the best! The 7-cup size is perfect for most things.
It handles liquids well - however larger quantities need to be processed in batches otherwise it can get messy with leaking.
A blender is really better suited for liquid itemsClean up is a cinch.
The machine quickly disassembles and is dishwasher safe - the motor base just wipes down.
Plus this set up is a super value for the money with the extra slicing/shredding disks, the dough blade and the compact cover.
The package starts you out with the basics that can be added to later.
Easy to use, nice that all the parts go in the dishwasher.
Quite small capacity but perfect an individual, couple or very small family.
It takes up very little space on the counter.
However I make almost everything from scratch now and my little choppers and knife work was taking up too much time and energy.
So I came on Amazon and resolved to buy the top rated medium size consumer machine.
I am happy so far and can't believe it took me so long to upgrade from choppers to the real thing.
A little more complicated than I'd like on first setup, when it comes to aligning the blade insert.
My wife complained of our previous processor due to its small size, so I figured this 7 cup model upgrade was in order.
I wouldn't necessarily say it's used often, but when it is, we are more than happy with the processor.
We frequently make salsa using this device and find that it does a great job.
All contents are chopped to desired effect and takes little time doing so.
My only concern is that after lifting the container, it sometimes leaks on the base.
Also, when contents are poured into another container, the blade tends to dump drop in as well.
However, these are very minor issues that can easily be be remedied.
The first appliance I ever bought for myself.
good quality at a good price, just a tad smaller than the standard one I used to have.
I read the reviews, bought the product and haven't been disappointed so far.
It makes my life easier working on those tasks for which one would make the best use of a food processor.
It's a bit difficult to clean and dry, but that's a quibble.This was my first food processor -- apart from my knives, graters and hands!.
Now I use this one all the time, and I guarantee it's the best on the market and will last.
The trick to these machines is to learn how to use them--when to run them steady, when to stop them, when to use short pluses.
No, they are not great for thin liquids--that's what a blender is for.
After five or so years you'll want a new work bowl because they crack.
Buy  an extra one at the beginning to get  maximum use out of both and chop lots in a hurry.
You'll end up using a slicer and shredder and the two little ones and that's about it.
French fries are a pain, don't bother: hand cut them with a knife.
And as for the person who said this machine is  too small -- get a bigger one?!.
I spent a lot of time trying to decide whether I should buy a Cuisinart or go with the less expensive Black and Decker.
In reading reviews, I finally decided to go with Cuisinart, then I was considering this model vs the 2007N model.
I think for me, a big advantage is the extra lid for chopping only when I don't need to use the feeder tube top.
This is a powerful machine and it will take me some time to learn how not to pulverize everything.
So far, I've used it to make meatloaf.
I don't blame the machine, though...it was my finger on the button.
I also used it to chop onion and bell pepper for a different dish, and then I grated cheddar cheese with it.
It is a quick, fast machine, much quieter than my old food processor, and much sturdier.
If I can just avoid overprocessing everything, I'm sure I'll love it.
I use this this practically every day, it's quiet, powerful, and doesn't take up too much counter space.
I also ordered the 2mm blade (perfect for salads and coleslaw), and the julienne blade.
The 4mm blade that comes with it is great for stir fry.
The chopper blade makes fine dicing (garlic and Jalape&ntilde;os) easy.
It doesn't fit the contour of the bowl, so you have to patiently scrape and shake the thing.
A much choice is the iSi Basics Silicone Spoon Spatula (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000S13G7A/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1).
It fits perfect, and is a handy kitchen tool to have around.
This machine is the perfect size and strength for the tasks I have in the kitchen.
It runs smoothly and quietly and has a heavy enough base so it doesn't slide around the counter.
I feel it was a good buy for the money and has enough capacity for the amateur cooking enthusiast.
I've just received this for Christmas so I've only been using it for 2 days.
I'll come back in the future and add more to this review, but right now I wanted to throw out a few things.
I'd seen people asking if it is BPA FREE.
Mine came from Amazon the second week in December, and it says right on the box "BPA FREE".
From what I understand, the 'old stock' units were not BPA free.
Amazon seems to be shipping fresh ones!I find the compact flat cover that comes with this model to be invaluable.
Smart!It's confusing to figure out which blade to use for dough.
On the DVD, it says to only use the plastic dough blade for YEAST dough.
I did find this note helpful: "recommended maximum amount of flour is: 4 cups of all-purpose flour or 2.5 cups of whole-grain flour".
The 4mm slicing disc that comes with it is kind of thick.
I will be ordering a 2mm one soon.
Will let you know how it turns out!Otherwise, so far I love it.
It is just a few minutes of a woman demonstrating the parts, then you get an hour of a French chef showing recipes to make.
The DVD demonstrates a larger model of the Pro Classic, one that does not come with the flat cover.
Don't fret, it shows you in the manual how to put it on and off.
That's it for now, I'll add more when I get some experience using it!.
It works very well, needs less water compared to when done by hand.
I used it to make lentil paste to make &#34;Dal Bori&#34; - for Bengali dish.
What else can I say: from chopping to making doughs.
It does it all!You would still need narrow blenders though for making finer purees.
Background: I bought this Cuisinart after reading all the positive reviews on this site.
I bought it mainly for making bread because my mother raves about making bread with hers.
I only cook for two, and I do not think it is too big.
In fact, it's much better than the smaller one because I can slice several things into one bowl.
Furthermore, I have sometimes found it to be too small (for making cole slaw, for example).I am here now to get some additional blades.
I recommend getting an additional, thinner slicer blade if you want to make coule slaw.
The one that comes with the machine is a little too thick,.
The Cuisinart DLC is the original machine with a few minor tweaks.
It does all you want it to do with minimal fuss.
Not too large and not too small the machine is what made the food processor so valued in cooking today.
the original did not have an off on button you turned the feed tube.
It also had one cover instead of the low one with a smaller feed tube.This is my 5th processor and third of this size.
I make everything from smoothies to vegan cheese in this thing.
Super easy to use and super easy to clean!!!.
If you need a standard food processor for all your kitchen needs, this is it.
It doesn't take up too much counter space, though it is quite heavy.
So far I really love this food processor- it's the perfect size and power for all of my cooking projects.
This model is just like the one I got as a wedding present 21 years ago and have used daily.
It is sturdy and obviously lasts a long time.
I have replaced the bowl once in that time because of cracks.
I expect this unit to be just a good.
I purchased this about three months ago and have used it at least once a week since then.Dough:I've made countless batches of pizza dough effortlessly.
The recipe book included has a recipe for pizza dough that can be used immediately after making.
I used my old recipe, both shaping immediately and waiting to rise and using in 30 minutes.
It comes out great either way.Cheese:It's great at grating cheese, cheddar, mozzarella, provolone.Chocolate:I made homemade hot chocolate mix, using bittersweet chocolate.
The processor ground up the bits quite easily.Clean Up:Washing is a breeze.
This is what made me wait so long to purchase.
I envisioned crevices, creases and cracks that would gobble up ingredients leaving scarred knuckles and tired fingers after cleaning up.
All parts go right into the dishwasher, and come out squeaky clean.
For just under ninety dollars, I can't complain or find one thing wrong with it.
I'm still chopping things the old fashion way.
I haven't brought myself to break it out to slice carrots or onions.
I would imagine it would be much faster.
This smaller Cuisinart food processor is the one I use now, and I have grown to like it a lot.
The machine is efficient, chops beautifully, and though its capacity is relatively small, it works fine for a family of up to 4.
My first was a Cuisinart large-capacity model, which I used a lot for making dough and pie crusts as well as blending and chopping.
I appreciate that feature every time I use it.
I now use that device for all my blending, and it's great.
I don't know how I ever managed before without one.
I love red, but although the brand shows many colors, they seem to have no models in red.
I saw a review on KitchenAid's red one (7-cup) where the handle fills with water and is too fragile.
The only one that is worth that effort is my lovely Viante grill!.
I love the food processor, definitely have made chopping veggies easy.
We use this about 2x a week....I do love the food processor, we have made everything from bread/dough, to soup, to even a smoothie.
This has the functions and capacity I was looking for.
I've grated cheese, made mayonnaise, marinara sauces, and more.
I was wary of the food processor, having tried a few off brands and been disappointed, but this model is awesome.
It grates cheese, slices and chops like crazy, even makes excellent hummus and other blended things.
I use this all the time, and clean up is a breeze.
Now that our kids are gone and our kitchen is tiny (and we entertain smaller groups), we needed a smaller machine of equivalent capability.
I have used this product for over 30 years.
I only replaced it because the cord broke off at the motor.
It is ideal for small chopping jobs such as chopping garlic and ginger or small amounts of parsley.
I have not seen it's equivalent anywhere else.
For me, this is a kitchen essential, for two reasons.
It takes some effort to clean, and I have not always been careful enough, so it has got stained.
Also,  the controls sometimes stick, so it's necessary to unplug it to turn it off.
But I haven't found another product that was nearly as good, so I bought a new one.
This one I will use for spice grinding.
The old one I will use for salad dressing.
On my machine, I have to hold the top down hard to keep the dressing from spilling.
my wife wanted something to grind up some spices and nuts in small quantities.
this unit has worked well for over a year not doing just that once a week or so.
You still have to scrape the ingredients down once or twice but the puree is much smoother.
The blades turn much faster than the other two processors and there are also two speeds.
You can reverse the blade holder to choose a blunt or sharp leading edge.
The blunt edge works well for pureeing.The unfortunate drawback to this processor is that the motor housing forms the top of the work bowl.
As a result, quite a bit of the finished product ends up coating the end of the motor housing.
If you are not extremely careful when cleaning the motor housing you will get water and perhaps food into it.
If you're just chopping relatively dry ingredients like coffee or dry spices, this would not be so much of a problem.
I use it to chop all kinds of spices and nuts.
Just one advice: Don't use it to grind star anise.
My chopper is now permanently colored brown and a part broke.
I have had one of these for several years.
It worked perfectly for chopping herbs and spices.
It could take on a whole nutmeg and reduce it to a fine grind within a couple of seconds and leave very little waste behind.
It finely chopped whole herbs like sage, basil, tarragon, and even thyme (making the leaves smaller), again in a few seconds.
I was disappointed that it had finally, after several years, perhaps as many as eight, given out.
So I immediately bought this new one and it arrived yesterday looking exactly like the old.
I anticipate many happy &#34;slushing&#34; moments again.The mini-chopper has its place alongside my 11-cup food processor--they don't compete--and I recommend it highly.
I've had one of these for years and my husband broke the blade by trying to do too much at once.
We bought the larger size and another smaller one we like this product so much!.
This product is great when you need it mince small amounts of garlic and ginger.
I'm sure it's great for other things as well but those are my primary items at this point in my culinary life.
I'm not sure my full size Cuisinart would do the job as well for small amounts.
It's a great machine, but not worth it fr small jobs.
This is one of my favorite kitchen electronics.
It's small enough that I can fit it almost anywhere in my tiny apartment kitchen cabinets, and it works like a charm.
It's pretty small, so don't expect to make soup or dough in it, but it does chop garlic, ginger, chile peppers, etc., like a charm.
I use it all the time to make the spice mixtures for Indian food.
It's pretty easy to clean, but the top motor piece does form the top of the chopper bowl.
This means you'll have to sponge it off since it can't be submerged in water.
I've had mine for at least five years, and I've never had a problem with it.
I've had this product for years and when it broke, I tried other similar products but decided to order this product.
It works for grinding garlic, ginger, flax seeds, it works for all.
It's a small capacity but works for me.
I make my own mineral makeup and I go thru a grinder every six months or so.
So far so good with this one - and it's very quiet, which I like a lot!.
I have owned several semi automatic espresso machines, and they have always developed problems...Maybe because I drink a lot of coffee.
Yes, with the La pavoni it takes quite a while to work out your grind and tamp, but now I can do it half asleep.
Look for a refurbished model and the price becomes almost reasonable.
I wouldn't buy anything else, and I have been drinking espresso for 25 years.
I have owned this machine for over ten years and everyday when I make my morning cappuccino I love it more.
Making espresso should be a little art and a little science and this machine an impeccable balance of the two.
(And don't bother using anything less than Illy Cafe coffee in it.).
Let me preface this review by saying that this machine can make the WORST cup of coffee you'll ever drink.
It's YOUR skill that gets you the great shot.
Nothing wrong with feeling good about yourself to start the day.I've had one of these little things for about five years now.
When the coffee first appears as I pull, I know how hard or soft to press, how fast or how slow.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with West Coast style, but there are easier ways to get there than through this machine.
And yes, to receive the sacrament, the machine will extract its penance from you on the way.
Expecting a great shot first time out? Don't.
Expecting a "very good year"? Your first shot will be closer to Goodyear.
So begins your journey.I'll confess to having swum upstream from this seemingly impossible  little machine to blending and roasting my own espresso beans.
So my morning cup may start its journey a day or two ahead of turning La Pavoni on.Worth every second of it.
There's nothing that adds to the pleasure of the shot like knowing you did it yourself.
I deliberated for a long time about spending this much on an espresso machine but I'm happy to report that I love my La Pavoni.
If you get the bean and the grind and the method perfectly right, then, La Pavoni delivers a perfect result.
If you mess up at all, it'll deliver crap to you.
So, this a great choice for someone who wants to perfect all the details.
You'd better know your coffee before you even start looking at this espresso maker.
It is a manual pull espresso maker, meaning there is some art and a lot of trial/error incurred when making your coffee.
That said, this has produced some of the best espresso I've ever had.
It's a smaller maker, and is great for someone who just wants about 4-6 espresso shots before needing to refill.
It is mostly all metal.* Comes up to heat FAST.
(Ouch!)* Must wait for it to cool before refilling due to steam pressure.* The default tamp that comes with this unit SUCKS.
Too small for the basket..leads to bad coffee...why, Pavoni, why?CAVEATS:* Not a "push button, receive coffee" type of maker.
This is not a throwaway item after a few years, and can be a lifetime purchase.MUST ALSO BUY:* 51mm Tamp.
Don't even use the one that comes with the unit.
51mm is the correct size.* DEEP milk frothing container.
I use glass shotglasses that I heat up with hot water prior.
Don't get me wrong, I would have zero issues recommending this unit highly, I think they just could have gone that extra little bit.
I found a fully working used one more than a year ago and use it intermittently.
I have hard water and forget to buy bottled, so most electric pump machines require too much maintenance.
This machine is fully manually operated (no motor pump!) and is fairly easy to keep clean.
However, it is really for the "enthusiast" with really good beans and a REALLY good grinder*.
It also requires some time and patience to master, like some fussy sports car.
The first one was still working when I retired it after about twelve years of service.
The DVD that comes with these units tells us they are built to last an average of 20 years.
These units get very hot, and froth milk piping hot.
These units make the best tasting coffee I have ever had.
Now a Star Bucks is like drinking dirty water.
I like the idea that there is no electric pump with less things to go wrong or wear out.
We also like having the control of pulling the shot our selves, to get the needed 15 bars of pressure.
Some electric pump units just don't get the creama or the 15 bars needed.
The all chrome units make it easy to clean, but wait till its cooled off its like cleaning a hot iron.
The over sized knobs and handles made of a Bakelite type material make it easy to hold onto this bad boy when hot.
This unit works great hand in hand with a great grinder.
The better the girder the better the coffee this unit will make.
Make sure you get a slow bur grinder that will grind fine expresso grind.
My husband loves fresh squeezed orange juice but hated the mess the electric juicer made.
He also didn't want any pulp in his juice.
This juicer, although big and a bit bulky, does a great job.
I like the suction cups on the feet so it doesn't move.
And yes, the handle will hit you in the head if you don't put it back in the starting position.
It gets only 4 stars because of it's size and bulk and that you can't really throw it in the dishwasher.
So Easy and So Roomy I love This Press!  I spent a lot of time reading all the reviews; good, bad, and the ugly.
I have to say I used to own a juice press years ago that had a side handle, and it did tip over constantly.
The top white piece behind the arm, is perfect for the butt of your hand to rest for leverage if needed.
The cup on the bottom holds large grapefruits and any size smaller.
I just received it today, washed the little cup parts and pressed some orange juice right away.
Then just rinse the parts, the bottom to lift out easily, and the upper I simply wet wiped clean inside.
I'm delighted, my wrist is delighted and I highly recommend this produce.
Oh yes, the bolts were "not" loose, but they have the octagon screw heads if one ever needed to tighten it, no big deal.
Let's see, I'm so happy and I think you will be too, a great press for a great price!!!!  Thank-you Amazon!.
However, it works great as is! There is next to nothing left in a half lemon after pressed.
I have also used it with limes, oranges, and a small grapefruit with good results.
Its also easy to clean! This thing is great.
I have a cup of lemon and hot water every morning and this saves a TON of time.
I had the older version of this that was made in Brazil and loved it.
The only problem is that it was very tall and didn't fit under my cabinets.
It works as fast and smooth as the original, and works great for juicing pomegranates as well as oranges.
It looks beautiful on your counter, is easy to use, and fast to clean up.
This juicer is identical in design and build to my previous one that I had for 10 years and still looked brand new.
It seems to me that these should last a lifetime with proper care.
I mainly use this to juice pomegranates and love it.
This mid sized Orange-X citrus juicer is a very nice heavy duty juicer that works well and is attractive on the counter.
This very heavy so called mid-sized Orange-X juicer is still plenty large for commercial or home use.
It is easy to use and clean.It squeezes a variety of different sized citrus well including small grapefruit, normal sized oranges, and lemons.
From reading other reviews, manufacturers apparently must make assumptions about the ideal size for the strainer cup.
This juicer's strainer cup seems to be maximized for oranges.
In fact, juicing lemons is primarily what I use this juicer for (it excells at oranges too).
I feel those claims from others saying this juicer is not good with lemons to be exaggerated and grossly inaccurate.
This juicer  squeezed my lemons out completely except for an insignificant tiny thin bit on the upper sides.
It also has a covenient well calibrated rubber stop to keep you from pressing too hard and damaging the juicer.
If it were not for the annoying suction cup rubber feet, I would have given it an easy five star rating.
I fully intend to keep this juicer, would choose it again, and highly recommend it.
I have the midsized version, and it's easy to use and clean.I juice oranges and small grapefruit.
This is not a problem for juicing for 2-4 people, as you just switch in and out cups.
I'll admit, their's is better than the commercial brands, but that doesn't say much.
You don't have to worry about it breaking on you, that's for sure.
Anyone who likes good orange juice, or good lemonade, or good limeade, or any other citrus for that matter, should invest in one of these.
I have owned this machine for over ten years and everyday when I make my morning cappuccino I love it more.
Making espresso should be a little art and a little science and this machine an impeccable balance of the two.
It produced perfect crema and the lavazza espresso tasted better.
I had theGaggia 35008 Carezza Espresso Machine, it is noisy, no crema, except you have to insert a special device.
Even so, no acceptable crema and the espresso tasted not as good as this machine.
I've owned my 8-cup La Pavoni for nearly 20 years and love it.
It has doubled in price since then.I have only two regrets:1) Wish I had purchased the larger 16-cup model.
Moisture has caused the black painted plastic on the base to peeled off, causing some rust under the removable drip catching cup.
Maybe they've already eliminated any black painted sections but it's worth reading the descriptions carefully.
It's very heavy, so I'm loathe to mail it to another city.
I've seen instructions online, and the gaskets are cheap, so I may attempt it myself.
But, it still works fine and was easy to use from day one.
have I had a cup of espresso that beat what I can make at home.
(Italy has beaten it more often.)I also have no problem using store-ground beans of varying fineness.
I simply adjust how much I tamp them down.Some models now have gauges or lights that indicate when full pressure is reached.
It's very obvious when the machine is ready because excess steam will escape through the safety valve.
So I wouldn't buy a higher-priced model if that's the only difference.This is the only appliance I've only had to buy once.
Everything else in my home with an electric cord -- big and small -- has been replaced many times over.
I've been thinking I should include it in my will because I think it will outlive me.
I have one of these models, which (thankfully) I found used and under-priced.
I have owned numerous pump machines, a nice Bialetti Moka pot, an Aeropress, the RARE 1980 Mr.
I do grind my own beans for the other methods.
As was the case in my old pipe-smoking days, it is the ritual that adds to the experience.
I now find my pump machine to be less elegant and more automated with a less rich final product.
But the iPad will be obsolete in a year or two, the La Pavoni will keep working (and retain value) for years.
will check back in a couple of months to update after 60 days of everyday use.
Update at end....If you expect this unit to work as well as a $200 burr grinder, don't waste your money.
I didn't want to spend the $100 plus for a grinder.
Frankly, I wasn't convinced that a blade grinder versus a burr grinder would make a difference in the way the end coffee would taste.
Well, I would feel the ground beans right after blade grinding and I could feel any heat buildup.
So how could this cause any off flavor?Well, I ordered the La Pavoni PA-BURR grinder.
As soon as I got it I had to try it out.
I placed the grind adjustment about in the middle of the range.
I put in the quantity of beans that I needed.
Next, I set the grind timer for the number of cups worth of bean I wanted ground and started the grinder.
After my first use I decided to clean the burr grinder out with a brush.
I found the burr grinder comes apart by turning the top burr a few degrees, which unlocks it allowing it to be lifted out.
I found it easy to brush out and pretty uneventful, until my next grind! Somehow I didn't get the burr locked back in place.
Much better tasting coffee compared to a blade grinder.Cons: The cup to grind timer doesn't match with its markings.
Makes a mess if you don't get the burr grinder seated and locked.
There is a little bit of grinding dust that can get on my kitchen counter.
Not really anymore then my old blade grinder.Conclusion, I am really enjoying this new grinder.
I have had this unit for a month now and really like it.
It truly hit the price value point for me.12-20-06 Update,Static can be a problem with this grinder.
When I wrote the first review on this grinder the humidity was still on the higher side.
Now in the colder months of the year static can cause the coffee grounds to jump all over the place making a big mess.
I have found a way to reduce it.
For now I'm still happy with the unit and will continue to use it.
Once it dies I will purchase a better unit.
I thinking of getting the Kitchen Aide unit next.
If you are hoping to ultrafine-grind your beans for espresso, buy something else.
The machine is worth the money that they want for it.
I wish that I'd had this one a few years back.Buy it, you'll like it.
I've had one of these for years and I would not live without it.
It emulsified salad dressings better than any whisk and there's no need to "dribble in" the oil.
I bought a Braun hand mixer that came with a slightly bigger chopper and I hate it.
You simply put the stick blender into the pot and puree in a second.
It's so much simpler to use and clean up than a regular blender.
Cleans up easily (most parts go in the dishwasher).
No more lumps in the bottom of the pitcher.
Great product!!! I use it mainly for mashing family table foods for my 10 month old son.
I think I have most appliances that are made, a big mixer, a big food processor and so forth.
It works quickly and efficiently on anything that fits in the cup that comes with it.
Really a great little blender for the price.
Throw it in a drawer and you'll pull it out before you pull out the bigger guns, so to speak.
This item is such a great help in the kitchen that I am surprised I waited so long to purchase one.
minor stain on the white plastic after about 2 month of usebottom line:this is an excellent hand held blender.
it's powerful enough to blend soft vegitables into a smooth consistence.
the result is heavenly.i don't normally give out 5 stars, but this blender definitly worth every single star.
I've had this blender for years and still use it all the time (and recommend it highly to friends who like to cook and eat).
I've definitely gotten much more than my money's worth.
I've experimented a lot thanks to the ease of this awesome gadget and have come up with some great dishes.
The size is great to make quick decadent meals for two, although it may be too small for a family of four.
It's easy to clean and re-load though so anyone could get good use from it.
Fantastic blender! Bought it for my wife for Christmas and she loved it.
This is my 3rd immersion blender, but I bought it mainly for the chopper attachment.
I tried to mince onions with the attachable chopper and very quickly made onion puree.
I would prefer the chopper to actually attach to the base rather than having to hold the top and bottom together.
Overall, it is excellent for chopping fresh herbs.
I make bread dough in my food processor and I whisk up egg whites for waffles with this handy hand blender.
I also just got Sara Moulton's cookbook that contains a recipe for basic yellow cake made in the food processor.
This is fine for egg whites but it is way too fast for powder things.
I use the blender attachment in hot boiling soup to cream up swiss chard.
This is the best way that I can see to eat tough but vitamin rich greens like swiss chard and kale i.e.
I tried pureeing veggies in a tall stockpot and still got bits flinging out.
I bought this item over two years ago and used it more than I thought I would.
I was going to buy a coffee grinder to grind spices, and then I realized I could use the mini-chopper for that.
I never use pre-ground pepper, but sometimes I need more than is easy to grind with a regular peppermill, so I use the Braun--works great.
I've used the Braun for whipping cream, egg whites, and egg yolks.
I had been using my Cuisinart Duet combo blender/food processor, but the hard cheese finally did in the food processor module.
So I tried using the Braun's food chopper.
So I ended up buying another Braun, along with a dedicated 7-cup $79 Cuisinart food processor (which has no problems with the cheese).
But if the motor struggles on a task (like chopping hard cheese), immediately stop using it or else you'll burn out the motor.
This is one of the best kitchen appliances I have ever bought.
I love mixing little fruit drinks, but often just didn't because I hate the clean up of my big blender.
This blender blends just as well (and I think even  better) than my big blender and is so easy to clean.
The Braun Multiquick 430 HC consists of a motor housing with cord that twist-locks into a blending attachment.
It can also lock into a whisk attachment, or the top portion of a mini-chopper.
But until then they work wonders, easily pureeing soups of all kinds.
The chopper attachment is surprisingly effective, and I've used it to chop small amounts of herbs into confetti in split seconds.
I have tendonitis, so this can be pretty hard on my hands if I'm not mixing or chopping a very small amount of materials.
It would be nice if it had either a real "on" switch, or a more sensitive button.
THIS IS A WONDERFUL, VERSATILE AND ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY KITCHEN TOOL WHICH I VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I use it mostly to mix up smoothie type drinks and it is wonderful.
It is easy to put together and take apart, easy to clean and does a great job mixing things without a lot of mess.
I just mix up my drinks in a large and wide glass.
There's very little mess and I have my breakfast in no time.
I wouldn't live without this now that I own one.
I've had stick blenders for many years and use them constantly.
Their particular talents are those the other reviewers have noted.
I am single and love using mine for small, one-portion things.
And, of course, the  ability to use it at the range.
The chopper is indeed superb for chopping  nuts, and also fresh spices and herbs.
However, for larger portions, or  heavier-duty blending, a full-size blender is still the best.
Both  appliances exist side-by-side in my kitchen, and both get lots of use.
As  with all small appliances, give yourself time to learn the hand blender's  techniques, and you will be amply repaid with its convenience.
If  possible, try to find a copy of Braun's hand blender cookbook, now out of  print--it's superb!.
IMMENSELY improved, and I love it so much I am, well, looking for things to beat up.
Like pureed vegetable soups, frozen yogurt mix for the freezer, you name it.Here's what has been made so much better:1.
The attachments that used to come with the Braun were run by the actual cutting blade.
With this model, you can remove the blade portion of the stalk and screw the motor shaft onto the mini-chopper or whisk.
That's not a problem here --now the shaft of the blades are directly connected to the motor.
The removable stalk means you can thoroughly clean the blade portion without worrying about submersing the motor part (a no-no for any electrical appliance.)3.
You get a whisk, a mini-chopper, the blender and a mixing beaker and a hanger for the wall if you want to mount it.5.
It is the most-used item I have in my kitchen.
This thing is the best tool I have.
want to make your own salad dressing (and I recommend you do)? This does it quickly and thoroughly.
We've had one of these for about a year now are really glad we bought it.
It works great and is so much easier to use (and clean) than our standard blender.
Whether we're making a protein drink or mixing a batch of orange juice from frozen concentrate, this handy kitchen tool makes the job much easier.
If you're thinking about getting one of these do it -- I think that you'll be glad you did.
Everything but the handle can go into the dishwasher.
Great alternative to a large food processor or a two blade hand mixer.
I own the item myself and love it.
The recipient of the gift said she loves it.
It is great for turnips - I no longer have to hurt my hand mashing them with a potato masher.
I also use it for canned plum tomatoes.
I use to put the tomatoes through a food mill and now in two seconds they are completely pureed, skin and all.
I have had a Braun hand blender for years, and love it.
This was purchased as a gift for our daughter who has a very small kitchen.
She used mine and thought it would be helpful to have one, to puree her vegetarian soups and chop nuts and herbs.
I was pleased that this one has a wire whip, something my older model does not have.
She will be able to use this item for years and years, and its versatility will be valuable.
Makes the best whipped cream in no time.
Lots of extras.I can't say enough good things about it.
This small appliance is one I could not be with in my kitchen.
I use this product while preparing almost every meal.
The machine is really versatile - making blending, chopping and mincing of wet or dry ingredients really easy.
Its a breeze when it comes to cleaning - whether by hand or in the dishwasher.
The blender part of the machine is heat tolerant to the extent that you can use it directly in the pot where food is cooking.
I use this monster to whip cream and whip egg whites.
You get soft peaks in minutes, and can control the stiffness of your peaks very precisely.
I bought this cause I like fresh made strawberry milkshakes.
This has no trouble powering through the ice cream and frozen strawberries.
This item was delivered on time.It works and is easy clean up.
This is the first thing I reach for when I need to mix, puree, whip, or chop something.
I received an earlier model as a gift and it finally gave up the ghost after 6 or 7 years.
So, of course, I had to get another one.
I've had this one for more than a year and it's still going strong.
I even gave one to a good friend for Christmas.
The earlier model wasn't even close to being this versatile.
For one thing, when I'm done, everything except the little motor base goes right into the dishwasher!My husband has pureed soups right on the stovetop.
I whip cream and egg whites; puree fruit, mince garlic, chop herbs and nuts in the little chopper attachment.
We had to prepare our dishes for the public in a banquet hall and provide all of our own utensils, etc.
I wasn't going to schlep my 50-pound stand mixer, so I took the Braun Multiquick.
- I won!Small, light, super-versatile and easy to clean.
This version is light-years ahead of my old Braun in design, which finally blew up after 15 years.
If it lasts half as long as the old one, I'll be happy.
I've had a Braun one-piece hand blender for about 12-15 years that has worked very well.
Now, with the new model, it can stay pluged in and safe, since it stays detached until use (at least in my case).
Of course, none of this speaks to this thing being much easier to clean than the previous one.
I detach after use, run under hot water, then place on a paper towel to dry.
If I'm in a hurry, I just drop in a water-filled glass in the sink and deal with it later.
It doesn't stain, even with blueberries, so there isn't a need to deal with it immediately.
However, I would not recommend putting this in the dishwasher.
There's no need to and the prolonged heat might damage it.
At any rate, cleaning the old one required attention to it immediately after use.Anyway, I use this thing almost daily for protein shakes (smoothies).
I'm considering a smoothie maker since I want something to make in the morning and have made for several more shakes during the day.
However, even with a smoothie maker, I'll still use this Braun blender on stuff that would create a mess in the smoothie machine.
For example, one shake I make with protein powder, milk, a few small ice cubes and peanut butter.
I swear that tastes just like a melted Blizzard from Dairy Queen, for those of you that have had them.
You would NOT want to make anything with Peanut butter in a smoothie maker or blender.
I've had this hand blender for 8 years and it's still working perfectly and jsut as a good hand blender is supposed to.
I grew up with a Bamix version of this tool, so I knew that these things are really useful.
I had a Braun for five years, but all I ever used it for was for pureeing soups in situ.
Then the casing cracked, allowing fluid into the motor housing.
Then it went up in smoke.So when my six year-old bought me this as a present, I was dubious.
My doubts went away after he showed me how it all fits together (! - I think "precocious" is the proper term).
Braun completely rethought the design, with excellent results.
The motor is now detachable, which safely seals it away and makes the accessories actually useable (and cleanable).
I now use the handy chopper attachment almost daily.
The vast majority of "speciality" kitchen appliances are more trouble than they are worth -- not true with this little gem.
I am not sure how long all the attachments will last but they are great.
My family is using them all for quick milk shakes and ices.
I am using the chopper for cilantro, garlic, parsley and other fresh spices.
My daughter makes whipping cream with the whisk.
Definitely not heavy duty but very functional for light duty jobs.
I got this thing from Amazon for free as a free gift with purchase.
It is GREAT!  I use it mostly for soups to get that rustic look and mouthfeel.
i haven't used the chopper yet, but it's nice that it comes with it.
looking forward to making soups with this too.
This takes the mess out of many tasks like blending soups and gravies.
The Multiquick is powerful enough to go get a smooth puree out of almost anything.
Mine did not come with the whisk, but it use the regular attachment for almost anything.
It's great to put into a pot of soup to puree.
The attachments are nice but I do not use them very often so I cannot comment on how well they work.
I put the blender end in the dish washer and everything comes out nice and sanitized.
That is why I am only giving it 4 stars.
for how it works, its a *5*It has worked wonderfully for soups, smoothies, sauces and gravies.
I like that it is compact and easy to store.
This drink mixes up great low cal smoothies.
It is also very good to blend soups, making them creamy with out adding cream.
Under no circumstances use this to puree any tomato-based items.
It will stain and will NOT wash off, bleach off, scrub off...Besides the stainability, I have absolutely no fault to find with this unit.
I live in a condo so my space is limited.
Was given this as a housewarming gift and it's on heavy rotation.
I use the chopper often to chops nuts for baking, breadcrumbs, salsas.
I use the whipper to make cookies and beat eggs.
I use the hand mixer daily to mix shakes in a jiffy.
The mixer also does a great job in mashing potatos or creaming soups right in the pan.
This thing does it all and fast! Easy cleanup, a really great go-to appliance that doesn't take up much space.
And now I give them to other new-place movers as housewarming gifts.
I first got one of these about 12 years ago.
It did a great job, but it died after a very short time.
I bought a second one right after that, but didn't use it much, since I didn't want to press my luck.
I was particularly careful not to use it on anything that might stress it too much.
It was good for making baby food back then.The second one sat in a drawer for most of the past decade.
Then I saw an infomercial for a product with similar capabilities, and it jarred my memory.
I pulled this out of the drawer and started using it again.
It does far more than I remembered, and does so many things well.
It's nice while it works, but they burn up with minimal use.
I did a bit of research and determined that the attractive Cuisinart machines don't brew that good a cup of coffee.
The reviews all pointed to the Braun KF187.The coffeemaker arrived from Amazon the other day, and I brewed my first pot yesterday.
I had no idea that the coffee would be so much better than that to which I was accustomed.
I just purchased this machine, as a replacement for my 11 year old Braun that just bellied up on me.
Perhaps this issue has been solved in the newer models?!Well, back to the point, I love this machine and I think you will too.
I'm picky when it comes to my coffee makers.
And I don't want to spend a hundred dollars.
The Braun has it all.This is my second programmable FlavorSelect.
(When I bought the first Braun, they had the spacer for the water filter but the filter itself was not yet available.
The carafe no longer drips if you pour too quickly, and the lid has a much simpler and easy to clean design.
The basket which holds the filter looks more solid, with fewer extraneous parts.
I use a gold filter, so the steel one was not a selling point for me.Overall, the Braun coffee maker is an excellent product.
It's as good as the Krups my parents own - and a lot less expensive.
Haven't used it myself, but I got one for my folks for Christmas, and they seem to be happy with it.
My Mom liked the small footprint on the countertop, and the coffee is good.
I told them about the &quot;steaming&quot; problem that (at least) one other reviewer mentioned, but they haven't seen any problems like that.
Even though Amazon estimated there would be a two week wait for this coffeemaker, I received it in less than a week.
Unfortunately, I also received it with a less than perfect water tank lid (it was broken).
I put the coffeemaker flavor feature almost in the middle (a little more to the robust side).
There was no bitter aftertaste (which waa the reason I was buying a new coffeemaker).
However, setting the warmer time was a little tricky since you have to push the on/off button to do it.
A separate button would have been a major improvement.
However, I woke up this morning to great coffee.
The gold filter lets quite a bit of sediment through, which does not bother me but it may be a shock to some.
However, it is convenient and easy to clean.
I am not sure why they chose to use such a thin glass.
The pause and serve feature is definately improved comared to other models.
There is a weight at the bottom, so when pressed by the carafe brewing continues.
I burnt my finger just reaching above the coffeemaker - so beware.It makes superb coffee.
I would give it 5 stars but for the broken lid (poor packaging on top), the difficult warming plate adjustment, and the intermittent steam problem.
I like everything about this coffeemaker, except that our electricity goes out frequently and I have to reset the heating unit.
I had used my Braun for several years and was lured to try one of the "fancy" expensive coffee makers.
Only drawback is they just won't wear out ;-).
I have owned this model for the last four years.
It makes the best coffee of any home brew device I have ever owned.
The coffee is always full-flavored and never bitter.
The machine always you to select flavor intensity and has settings for small quantities.
I've had this coffeemaker for about two weeks now and I'm very happy with it.
The coffee comes out good and strong and never bitter.
My one quibble, and why I only gave it four stars, is the nylon filter that comes with it.
I think the coffee tastes much better when dripped through a paper filter.
The coffee tastes much richer and more flavorful.
Plus clean up is much easier with paper filters.
You just pick up by the tabs and toss away.
So my advice is to go with the lower priced Flavor Select model and skip the permanent filter.
My wife wanted a blender to make smoothies, and she has now used the MX2050 for several weeks with no problems.
I think my wife would have complained by now though if there had been any problems.
The main reason we bought this blender was the great review in Consumer Reports.
Our main gripe is the pouring spout on the jar.
It's difficult to pour pancake mix from the jar without having the mix run down the side of the jar.
What a great blender!  Got this based on ratings by Consumer Reports & Cook's Illustrated magazines, and it works quickly & easily.
Much better than the more expensive KitchenAid blender it replaced.
Built very solid, the base is nice and heavy so blending doesn't move the blender around.
The blades are also very strong and the blender can do ice without a problem.
I have never seen ice chopped up so fast.
This blender has been working for a few months now and it works great!  The blades are well designed and the motor is powerfull.
When I see a sale, I'll buy a second one to keep as a spare in case they stop making it before it breaks.
I wont buy another brand of blender again!.
So far my biggest complaint with this is how it pours.
When pouring a full pitcher into a glass the liquid will pour down the side.
It pours better when it is half full.
It is stylish and I don't mind leaving it out on the counter.
With a slight improvement in the pitcher it would be perfect.
I use it once a week to make my weekly health drinks.
I wouldn't recommend it for heavy users though.
I have been careful placing it back in it's cradle, but after a year I eventually broke one tooth.
I just had my 3rd blender break down in about 8 years.
It was getting frustrating because I only use it for smoothies and protein shakes, and the last model I owned cost $100.
I went to Consumer Reports, and this was one of their top rated blenders, and at $35, it is a great deal.
I have been 100%satisfied with the performance of this blender.
Finally, no tiny chips of ice floating in my drink, no leaking, and cleaning is a breeze.
Here`s the scoop on this machine; if you are looking for heavy duty (ice, hard vegetables, fruit ,etc.
I had looked for this great rated blender for a long time and was thrilled to find it.
Not quite as smooth as the big smoothie chains but darned close.
I had the same problem with the blade that PM444 did.
The correct number is Braun 4184-625 Blender Blade.
If one enters that information, Amazon finds the right blade.
I have been generally pleased with the blender.
Consumer Reports gave it a best buy, and that was my motivation to buy it.
It has only one bad habit that I've discovered, and that is a tendency to cavitate when crushing ice.
One has to remove it and bump it against one's hand to remove the cavity so the blender will work again.
I purchased this blender after seeing its number one rating by a leading consumer website.
My household makes 3 to 6 smoothies each day, so we wanted a durable blender that did well with frozen ice and fruit.
The pitcher is heavy glass, which makes for easier quick cleaning and durability.
Also, all the parts of the pitcher are dishwasher-safe.This model performs much better than my older Oster.
The drinks blend quicker, smoother, and with little if any stirring of the contents.
It is very easy to use and clean.
Blends much better then ones costing a great deal more.
The Braun PowerMax MX2050 was top-rated and listed as a CR Best Buy in the December 2004 issue of Consumer Reports.
According to the text, the current model passed the severe durability test: 50 minute-long ice-crushing cycles.
Evidently, durability improvements have been made in the model.
The negative comments may have been made by buyers of the "old" model.
This was the best for smoothies, and I have not been disappointed so far.
I make at least one smoothie a day, and the gears show no signs of wear.
They seem to be much better than my previous blender.
This is a big pain, but it is worth the inconvenience for the great drinks!!  The PowerMax is also a great buy for the price.
I bought this blender because it is the best rated in a particular consumer review magazine.
It calls into question its quality, and potential longevity.
In terms of smoothie-making performance, this Braun is the hands-down winner.
It is noisier than the KitchenAids, but a bit quieter than the Waring.
Not to mention it is reasonably priced, especially with Amazon Prime.
It has a jug that can go in the dishwasher.
Since I use my hand blender (stick blender) for most choices, this is fine for me.
I bought this blender mainly because Consumer Reports  gave it a "Best Buy" rating.
I haven't used it every day or even every month, for that matter, but when I do use it it's answered the bell each time.
would make me think twice about buying this again, despite my apparent good luck.
All I can attest to is that the teeth with my blender are also plastic but are still there.
My last blender (an Oster) worked well until it started leaking recently.
I wanted a blender with a large glass jar and simple controls.
This blender fits my needs nicely so far.
I bought this on the suggestion of an article in Cook's Illustrated.
Nice looking, and the glass jug is a plus as far as I'm concerned.
As it is, it works well, it looks nice.
Since I just received the blender, I can't assess or comment on its longevity.
But out of the starting gate, it looks promising.
I had been using the same old cheap blender for probably 15 years.
So I did some research and bought this one based on reviews and Cooks Illustrated equipment recommendations.
It's a great blender, and I really do love it.
Lid is very tight, so I have to push it on, but it keeps the stuff in.
And the pulse does chop my frozen strawberries & ice for my smoothies.
I've had this blender for about 4 months now and have been very pleased.
I use it mostly for soups, pesto, hummus, etc - I haven't tried ice - but for my purposes it's worked perfectly.
It's very stable and fast, without too much motor noise or the annoying ozone smell that plagues some machines.
Clean-up is easy, and the wide pour spout is useful.
I bought the Braun after reading the reviews at America Test Kitchen and Consumer Report to replace my worn out Oster Kitchen Center.
Main job is to make smoothies out of frozen fruit and ice.
My new machine does a fantastic job and I am very pleased.
The other reviews correctly note that the lid leaks badly in some circumstances so hold a sponge over the top.
Some complain about weak teeth but Braun now has a replacement for that.I love this thing and bought two more from Amazon for gifts.
Also, the carafe just sits on the base, rather than having to be screwed on in a certain manner--that makes it easier to use.
It is rather loud, but this reflects the power that it has.....I am happy with it.
It is a great value for the price!.
Bought this one based on it being #1 in Consumer Reports and the reviews on this site.
I didn't work it too hard and it's history in 6 months.
Has plenty of power, does everything the higher priced models do.
I had an old Osterizer blender with 12 push-buttons, none of which matched the speed of this Braun powerhouse.
The lid has a removable center part for adding items while blending, which is a good idea.
But even when this piece is fully closed and in place, there are openings at the edges.
Even the old Osterizer with its removable center part sealed completely.
My wife uses this blender for making smoothies, and it gets the job done.
We've been using it for five years now, and it seems to be holding up pretty well.
The jug disassembles easily for cleanup; everything (except the base) can go in the dishwasher.
I bought this Braun blender after seeing its rating in Consumer Report.
It has turned out to be as described - powerful, quieter than the one I had before, and attractive to look at.
I bought this blender to mix my protein shakes.
The bowl and parts clean easily by rinsing, or with a soapy washcloth.
So far, I am very pleased with the quality and operation of the blender.
The final test is how long it lasts.
I've only had it a few weeks and it looks like it may last many years by the solid construction.
(looks like metal parts and glass bowl, not plastic parts.).
It's worked great and rated really good on Consumer Reports which is why I bought it.
Some of the problems people have had with the lid, I have not experienced.
I absolutely love it and making smoothies have been a total breeze.
This Blender does everything you want a blender to do.
Fits together easily, easy to clean, quiet (for a blender) makes great smoothies and easy to work.
This blender is amazing, just for kicks, and because I read the comparisons by J.K.
I threw in a couple of handfulls of ice to see what it would do.
Well, we were on the verge of replacing the coffee machine because the taste of the coffee was no longer good.
I cleaned the machine but that wasn't the problem.
We had a filter slot but never had used a filter  because we didn't realize that we needed one.
We saved the money that a new coffee machine would have cost.
We received the filter promptly after placing the order and the improvement in taste is substantial.
Highly recommend the product and the service from provider.
I have loved my Braun coffee maker with a thermal pot for years.
I have kept the filter in and seldom replace it.
I don't know what was released into my system, but it sure didn't agree with me.So, don't think this is unnecessary.
This couldn't be easier to use and does decholorinate the water used effectively.
Coffee tastes great again after buying a new filter!.
I got rid of the coffee maker I used these filters for quite some time ago.
These filters work fine; they do what they are supposed to do, filter water.
Amazon to the rescue!  I have finally replaced my coffee maker water filter after 2 years, and that's a good thing.
It's hard to believe Braun wouldn't make money selling them at a third of the price.
The design of this juicer is pure excellence.
I received this as a wedding present, and was at first put off by how large the machine was.
It disassembled easily, although all the different parts took a while to clean.
It's great to have fresh veggie and fruit drinks whenever the mood hits.
It keeps me from paying too much for juice prepared by someone else.
I have had this product for more than twenty years.
It was about the same price then as it was now and I got it as a gift.
I throw oranges in because it is easier than the regular citrus juicer.
Clean up is fine if you wash right away and of course, no problem if you have a dishwasher.
All my pieces are accounted for an unbroken.
The machine is lightweight but perfectly designed and made in Germany.
The filter is deteriorating on my Braun MP-50 so my wife wants me to purchase a new juicer.
Our 30 year old juicer has been used infrequently but I have the impression that it was built for a lifetime.
Reading and interpreting all the posted reviews convinces me that I should try and find a replacement filter or make one myself.
Looking at the photos and reading the downloadable users "guide?" convinces me that todays products are JUNK.
and like other reviewers have written, having separate parts makes cleaning very easy.
it is space saving, i simply put it on an overhead cabinet once i am done cleaning and drying.
You just cut lemon in half, and press it on the top of the juicer.
So easy and clean up is easy too.
Bought this wonderful machine for my wife about two months ago.
We mainly do oranges and grapefruit here in Fl.
This little blockbuster just keeps on a crankin.
My wife doesn't have a lot of strength in her right hand but has no problem producing a nice supply from this machine.
To those who complain about it not being tall enough to put a glass under, my response is quit the whinin and use your head.
I put my juicer to give it a bit more elevation and it works just fine.
These same folks would probably be complaining about the thing taking up excessive cupboard or counter space if they made it taller.
Buy this dude and you won't be sorry, if you are lokking for a simple no fuss juice machine.
I too bought this based on the recommendation by Ina Garten.
I was a little concerned about the power of this juicer after reading other reviews.
Especially for the price I can't imagine any other unit that gives you more value for the money.
We've literally put thousands of oranges and grapefruits through this machine, and never one single problem.
My only complaint is that I wished it was just an inch high to accommodate bigger cups and containers, but that's being a bit picky.
Simple design but looks nice in any kitchen.
Juicer is powerful for citrus fruits and works very well.
Best of all, it's a great price for what you get.
So, the designers decided to make the spout flip up to stop the dribble.
It works: when the spout is flipped up the juicer doesn't leak.
UPDATE, July 2007: See below for comments about this pot vs.
I have always liked Braun (more consistently good than Krups or Cuisinart) for their design and ergonomics.
This baby is FAST; It boils water at 1 minute per 8-oz cup (or faster, if you start with hot tap water).
The base is especially well-designed, since you can put the pot on rotated in whatever way is convenient.
This is apparently a big win over the Krups kettle.
The "mineral filter seems like overkill, but it does prevent splashing of the boiling water, and causes pouring to be very smooth.
Cleanup is brain-dead simple (pour out the excess water after use, and flip the top open to allow evaporation).
Pot itself does not get too hot to touch, and the handle stays completely cool.
I have to say that the Zojirushi has replaced this Braun on the counter, and the Braun has been relegated to special-purpose use.
Why?  A full-time hot water pot makes for instant gratification.
A true kitchen junkie will find a way to justify having both.
I bought this machine to boil water to use in bain marie or water bath for custards and such.
My saucepan on high heat took 10 minutes 30 seconds for 7 cups to come to a boil.
4 cups of water took 3 minutes in the Braun and 2 cups took 1 minute 23 seconds.
I can't predict the life-span of the unit but I am happy with the test results.
The first electric water kettle I owned was a Black and Decker and it died after 6 months.
The Braun unit I have been using for about the last 4 years and it has never failed me and is still going strong.
I look to many more years from this great appliance.
I've had this kettle for about three months, and have been very pleased with it.
It's better looking and more ergonomic than it appears in the photographs.
It heats water very quickly, looks good on the counter, and has a smartly designed storage area for the cord on the base.
I've had to run vinegar through it once, because I live in a hard water area, and now it looks like new again.
I have an electric stove and my spouse and I (and even guests) would often turn on the wrong burner.
We love tea, but hated the tea kettle on the burner issue.
While in Europe, I noticed one of these in almost every home I visited.
I did some research and found that this Braun kettle had rave reviews.
So, when I discovered the Braun kettle, I went for it.
A year or so later, and we're enjoying our kettle.
It is used daily, and heats the water faster than I can prepare tea.
I loved it so much, that I bought more for gifts.
How can you go wrong with a kettle that does its job?.
Coming from a traditional kettle, its definitely an upgrade.
Yes, I am a tea fanatic.The Braun water kettle brings the water to a boil and then lets the water boil about 5-10 seconds.
I can tell no difference between water exposed to this &quot;quick&quot; boil and water brought just to a boil.
I have arthritis and carpel tunnel syndrome in my right hand and grasping is a real problem.
We've had it for about six months and it works great.
I can heat up the water, and walk away without worrying.
No more cords getting in the way of pouring wherever you want.
It does everything you want in a kettle, for a very fair price.
I just love my new Braun Water Kettle.
It heats fast and you don't have the mess of a tea kettle on the stove.
I read many of the reviews for the seemingly endless water kettles offered here on Amazon.
This one seemed like one of the best for a reasonable price.
I took a vacation home for 2 weeks and enjoyed the use of this product there.
We've used it for over a month now, and all members of the family think it's way better than the kettle on the stove.
Oh, no more burned knuckles on the tea kettle, too!  It's much safer for having the side handle.
I expected a good product with the Braun name on it and this electric kettle is indeed great.
We boiled our old stove top tea kettle dry a couple times and got worried about fire danger.
This kettle is super safe; automatic shut off, well insulated and grounded, smooth balance, cool to touch, attractive, with a comfortable handle and easy filling.
It boils 7 cups of water in about six minutes and smaller amounts even faster.
I am totally pleased with this purchase, a fair price for top quality.
The reviewer who commented that it's hard to fill must not have read the instructions.
It can be filled easily through the spout, so the lid doesn't have to be raised for filling.
First off, the product began leaking after 3 months of daily usage.
Not what I expected nor what I desired from such a reputable brand as Braun (and my reason for purchase).
Great! Thus, because of its working performance and the great customer service, I give the kettle the full five stars!.
Had one in Europe, bought one for here when we moved back home.
Typical that something so good and so long lasting, is not available any longer.
The Braun Electric Water Kettle is a convenient kitchen appliance that doesn't require finger-tapping wait time.
It's quicker than the stove top or microwave oven method, and the automatic shutoff is a welcome safeguard.
The unit is comfortable to use, and will not turn on unless the lid is securely closed.
Also, the kettle fills easily at the faucet, and the water gauge is clearly visible.
I Love this Braun Kettle, we use it for Mainly Making Coffee With our CHEMEX Coffee Maker.
Yet it has daily use in Hot Cocoa, Oatmeal, and Jello.It is a Sturdy Never Fail Unit.One Year Of Ownership.
After much research I bought this kettle for my 90-year-old mother, who has arthritic hands.
The water level is easy to view from either side and the cord is reasonably long, with storage for excess cord underneath.
I wish it came in a smaller size for people with weak hands, like my little mother, who sometimes finds it dauntingly heavy, even empty.
The trade-off, however, is the many safety features.
Have been using this one for over 8 months and will buy another one of this again if this one ever breaks.
First one lasted a few years-when it went we replaced with a new one.
I don't think the quality is the same as the older model though.
So far it's holding up nicely and performs the same.Update 9/09 - Second one only lasted 18 months.
With this baby, I can boil water fast and pour it into a pre-heated pot on the stove for boiling pasta.
I can make a cup of press-pot or cone-filtered coffee in much less time than it takes when boiling water on the stove.
And it frees up space on the stove top where the kettle used to be.
I needn't say more as there are enough positive reviews.
The only times I haven't used it were when I was out of town.
It continues to work perfectly and is so convenient.
The reviews posted about this kettle influenced my purchase of this kettle.
I use it very frequently because I love tea & make coffee in a French press.
I can not fathom 1 negative aspect about this kettle.
I was so happy with my purchase that I bought a spare & I tell anyone I know who could use one.
Great price, sturdy build, & boils water quickly.
Aside from boiling water to make tea & coffee, I also use this to boil water for cleaning purposes.
I bought this for personal use for my morning coffee.
I honestly thought it would break after 6 months of living here - still in perfect condition!.
I'll add another review to the parade of positive reviews.
I've been using it for almost a year and it has kept going strong.
Among the positives: very fast boiling, comfortable handle, easy to view water level on both sides, lid opens for easy filling.
All in all it does what you want an electric kettle to do.
I never use my stove top kettle anymore, and feel good about it as I'm sure I use less energy with the electric.
The one small caveat is that it can break.
My first slid off the roof of my car and hit the ground (in its original packaging); that was enough to crack the base.
Not a reasonable test, but it did happen.
Nevertheless, I give it five stars.Update 11/2010: Not sure if an update is useful, as its not available, aparently.
Nevertheless, it is still in service and performing extremely well.
I use it nearly every day for tea/coffee.
And it looks basically the same as when I bought it.
Very happy with the purchase, exactly 4 years later!Update 3/2012:  Still going strong, looks like new.
Still using it every day.Update 2/2013:  Like new.
I strongly recommend the plastic body, which does not get hot enough to burn the skin.
This does heat up rapidly, as most reviewers concur.
You can fill it with the lid shut as well as open, a thoughtful feature.
The lid can also be locked, of course.
There's less exposure to contact points that can get wet than some other models.
The rest of the surface, outside of your hand's reach, will get quite warm, more so than other kettles, so be forewarned.
The power involved in the boiling means this is a device for serious cooks, not only tea-drinkers.
A safety factor, and you can always put it on an extension cord, although it's a one-way triple grounded plug.
Its large capacity and solid feel should convince many to invest the few extra dollars in it.
Since many buyers will be using it at least once daily, it's worth finding the better crafted product.
Like another reviewer we have a new smooth top electric range that seems to take longer to heat things up.
The frustration almost caused us to send the range back, until we decided to check out electric tea kettles.
After researching many we decided on the Braun Electric Water Kettle a couple of weeks ago.
This replaced my stove-top kettle; it works so much faster.
Love it and bought one for my daughter.
It works as promised, boiling a full kettle of water in minutes.
This Braun is very affordable (in comparison to other kettles with the same features).I highly recommend it.
You will find more and more uses for it every day.AS AN ADDED NOTE: 8 years later and my original purchase still works perfectly!.
I bought the Braun Aqua Express after reading all the 5-star reviews at Amazon.
And I have to admit...it IS a 5-star product! This thing heats water at warp speeds...at least twice as fast as a microwave.
I tried a couple ways of heating water when I first got it.
The full 7 cups took about 6 minutes to boil if I used cold, refrigerated water.
But the real speed is when you use hot tap water.
The 7 cups boiled is less than 3 minutes! Wow, I was truly impressed! This pot is awesome.
The built-in safety features make it impossible to boil dry, or boil over since it automatically shuts off once it reaches a boil.
And what a plus it is to not have a cord dangling and entwined all over your kitchen.
Also, the base heater does not get hot to the touch and the pot is cool enough to set on your table.
My son takes a thermos of tea everyday to work and he says the Braun Aqua Express is so fast and easy to use.
We are avid tea drinkers and this appliance has added such ease to our tea brewing.
It is also great if you use a french press coffee brewer.
I would recommend this appliance to anyone who needs hot water.
It's lightening fast, safe, and fun to use.
It is so easy to use, heats up fast, yet doesn't feel hot on the handle.
We bought this electric water kettle to replace our old, slightly crusty, stove-heated tea kettle.
It quickly heats the water and is easy to clean--much easier to clean than our old kettle.
It has a simple design and is easily used and refilled.
i use this for teas and to boil water faster than my gas stove.
yup, usually i'll have 1/4 of my water boiling in the pot and the rest in here, boils in 7mins i think, give or take.
Why I love it:- The transluscent water level really makes things easy.
It just kept going until the switch in the handle stopped working.
A full pot of 7 cups boils in 5 minutes and then shuts off.
It's light, not ugly, and has a red light indicator on 2 sides.
The whole thing pretty much stays out of your way; even the cord length is adjustable.
Perhaps the only thing missing is a bell or ring-tone that tells you when it's done.
Auto shut-off with audible click - but not if you are not nearby (unlike those lovely or annoying whistling kettles).
I bought one because I got hooked on these on a visit to London.
The kettle is nicely designed and pleasant to look at.
It is relatively cool on the outside when the water is hot.
It can be placed on the stand in any direction.
It doesn't heat as quickly as the British versions because we have 110 Volts vs.
This is much more convenient than the stove top kettle (may it rest in peace in the cupboard) that I have been using for years.
It shuts down as soon as the water has reached a boil.
The kettle, itself, lifts off of a plate that contains the electronic gizmos.
My only complaint is about the length of the cord.
Works like a charm.I purchased this water kettle in June as a lightening deal for approximately $30-ish.
As much as I want another one, there is no way that I'll pay $169 for it.
My kettle arrived, and I am very happy with how fast it boils the water!I find it easy to fill with water through the spout.
I am forever leaving the roomto do something else, and knowing that the kettle will shut itself offis a real plus.
I appreciate the light weight of the kettle, as I amable to lift it easier, even when it is filled to capacity.
I went through a few electric kettles before I settled on this excellent product.
I've been using it for years, and have bought the same for my mother and sister, who enjoy it just as much.
The new model seems to be made of slightly flimsier plastic, and the top doesn't close perfectly.
I have purchased three of these over the past year - one for myself and two for gifts for family.
The reason I chose this one over others is because of safety features and reliability.
Update: I have owned this kettle for over five years now.
I use it every day to brew tea for all the tea-heads at the office who enjoy premium whole leaf Chinese tea.
I have another at home that I have been using for almost four years.
I have had my kettle for two months.
I use it at work, and everyone wants tea from me, so it gets used a lot.
I brought this my my Eighty One Year old mom who kept burning her tea kettle on her stove.
Of couse she blamed that "lousy stove" not that she would forget she had it on.
This electric kettle has a automatic shut off so I don't have to worry that she is going to burn her house down.
I got this as a gift; I mentioned to a friend I liked her kettle, and the model Braun she has isn't made anymore.
She bought this for me instead, and I use it all the time.
It boils water quickly, has a filter for hard minerals, water doesn't taste weird or like plastic, and the design seems very safe.
It has a wide base so I never worry about it tipping over.
I liked this so much I bought one for another friend for Christmas, and now she and her husband are enjoying it.
I highly recommend this product, and I'm a fan of Braun; all of their products I own have worked well and lasted a long time.
It works as advertised and does an excellent job.
The water is always perfectly heated for making tea or other hot instant beverages.
I have now had this product for at least three years and it still works today as good as the day I unpacked it.
The Braun WK200W is the third electric kettle that I have owned, or had long term use of.
It is very smart looking, as well as practical, but I've always looked at practical first.
If plastic (or whatever composite it is made from) is fine, then this kettle will fulfill all of your needs, I think.
And Braun is one of the best brands out there.
We wanted to rid our kitchen of the microwave for health reasons but still have a fast way to get hot water.
I never dreamed any small appliance could be this great.
Water comes to a rolling boil far faster than the microwave was ever able to do.
We liked this so well we bought a second one for the lower level of our home.
Heats water fast, auto shut off, very well built.
One of my best friends gave my husband and I this Braun Kettle as a wedding gift over four years ago.
I had no idea how essential it would become! :-)We use it for tea and our kids use it for ramen noodles for snacks.
The Braun kettle is by far superior to the one I had been using.
Very fast, shuts off automatically when the water is boiled.
I wish the manufacturer had used a white cord instesd of black but I will recommend this one to friends.Thanks again for such prompt deliver.
I bought this kettle for my wife, who is a tea drinker.
The Braun has so many nice features, it's hard to know where to start.
Others have said it boils very fast - indeed it does.
You can put the kettle on the base any way you want, and swivel it around.
Others I've seen are very particular about positioning.
There is an "on" light on BOTH sides of the kettle, as well as fill windows.This Braun is just so well designed, it's amazing.
My wife loves hers, and recommends it to her tea-drinking friends.
Highly recommended.Edit, December 2007:  After many years, our Braun died.
I disassembled it and discovered that a plastic strap hinge, part of the on-off mechanism, had separated and was beyond repair.
Oh well - off to Amazon for a new one, and I was pleased to see that it was still offered.Except.
The current model has been "value engineered" with somewhat cheaper parts and is assembled in the Czech Republic rather than Germany.
It is pretty much functionally the same, though the power cord on the base is now much shorter than it was originally.
I have been using this kettle daily at work for the last year and a half.
Its plenty big enough and easy to clean.
I've never had a single problem with it but I would like better if the cord was a little bit longer.
I guess the cord might be 2' in length.
I've always had to use an extension cord with it.
I bought this electric kettle about two years ago and still love it.
I keep it at the office and use it everyday to make hot water for tea.
Lower levels of water take a shorter amount of time to boil.
The water stays hot for about an hour and stays warm for 4 or more hours.
The kettle automaticly turns off after it reaches boiling so you don't have to worry about overheating.
The cordless kettle makes it convenient to pour and share with others.
My only complaint is that the power cord is a bit short, but i use an extension cord which works fine.
Would recommend this item to all tea drinkers!.
This is exactly what I wanted -- an easy-to-use, intelligently designed electric kettle.
It boils water with impressive speed, is easy to move around, and the automatic shut-off feature is great.
It heats up fast and I would recommend it to anybody.
Braun WK200W Aqua Express Electric Water Kettle - WhiteThis electric kettle is very simple to use.
Had it for a month now, so far no problems, works well, heats up water pretty quickly.
Nothing spectacular in terms of looks/design, but does its job.
When you open the lid on the base, it shuts off.
When you take it off the base, it shuts off.
Great for those folks who are just too.
retentive/impatient and have to fiddle with the kettle.Ok, downside.
After it shuts off, you need to wait 10 minutes for a cool down/reset before starting the system again.
I'm glad I spent the money for it.
He told me you get more leaching from one of those Britta water filters than you do with the Braun kettle.
I cannot get over the great value for the money that Lodge provides.
This pan is built like an absolute tank.
The steady temperature regulation provided by the massive amount of metal in this pan is really great.
In addition, cast iron, once used a few times, becomes virtually non-stick.
Fancy-brand pans that cook as well as this one cost four times as much.There are minuses to be aware of, inherent in the product's nature.
Consider the 10-inch size if that's a problem for you.
I still prefer when Lodge used to sell original finish, as I liked the process of seasoning it myself.
I have this skillet for 8 years and when I seasoned it with Crisco.
Now, after using it for thousands of times and it is used at lease once a day, it never needs seasoning.
I have bought several other Lodge products after this, but this still is my favorite.
Perfect size for cooking anything from omelet to Chinese stir fry.
I have quite a bit of lodge Cast Iron pans and skillet.
I use this for cooking cornbread, the way it SHOULD be cooked.
Was easy to use and the stuff tasted great.
Have used other Lodge pans for cooking for many years (the Dutch oven used in the fireplace makes the best stews ever!).
Received this one for Father's Day and am happy to say it also works very well - even heat,  sustains temperature.
As it gets more thoroughly seasoned over the years,  no doubt it will be even better.
So why settle for anything but the best.
The non-stick properties quickly surface after proper seasoning.
The handle won't scar you for life, within reason.
Workmanship way above the norm for this basic product.
Lodge makes great products at a great price.
Also check out the Dutch Oven, a tremendously versatile piece of cookware that is an even better bargain.
Cast Iron is ALWAYS a superior value for the money.
Forget expensive wedding registries - buy the bride a Lodge Cast Iron Skillet and Dutch Oven! She'll hand it down to the next generation.
Cast iron fry pans are the best choice for frying foods in fat/oil/pam etc.
These  deposits after an accumlation of years of cooking turn into a sort of  ceramic finish which is nearly non-stick.
Its got to be the  least expensive pan available.
Unless you make a lot of  soups which require saute'ing large amounts of vegtables.
With the smaller  pan you could do them in batches.
Or I suppose for the price, you could own  two of these pans.
The acid in  the tomatoes will remove a thin layer of the buildup.
Mine after 20 years  is impervious and unaffected, your new one will not like it much.
Also any  sauce if left in the pan while you are eating dinner will continue cooking  as the pan holds the heat very well.
You should remove all of the unused  portions which you intend to save immediately after turning off the  heat.Also get a lid.
I got a glass one so I could keep an eye on things  as they cook.
Is there enough from  eating from cast iron to be a problem? No one really knows.
But in any case  it appears that amount of iron to be gained is very small.
Think of margerine instead of butter..for some reason we took natural butter off of our tables and replaced it with artery clogging scientfically invented margerine.
The heat retention of these pans literally amazes me.
They have the three different frying pans pre seasoned for cheap and no shipping cost!Lodge rocks!.
Though very heavy still the best in cookware....new cookware is fine but does not and will not ever outlast the good old cast iron.
Even with the newer "finishes" cast iron should be a part of any kitchen and anyone that actually cooks these days.
there's no reason to pick any other one (unless it's even cheaper which I cant imagine).
My only quibble is with the handle, which is TINY.
Once seasoned, however, and kept away from well-meaning people and soapy pads and dish detergent, this will do yeoman's duty in the kitchen.
For fried chicken, chops or bacon, there's nothing like it.
The book says it does about everything well except boil pasta.Cast iron is the worst heat conductor among cookware except for ceramics.
But this is an advantage for much cooking.
Good conductivity is only good if you want to heat a lot of liquid quickly - like in boiling pasta.
Once a good seasoning is established, the non-stickiness rivals that of Teflon.
Consistent thickness, good seal between the lid and skillet, and good metallurgy are important to the performance and durability of the cookware.
This skillet is very reasonably priced, so there's no reason to try to save a couple of dollars to buy a pan made in China.
(Note that some otherwise name-brand cookware manufacturers are passing off this stuff under their name.
Emeril's line is one.)Note that Lodge also offers a pre-seasoned version of this skillet (Lodge Logic line) for a few dollars more.
But use care with it as any seasoning.
(Something somewhere led me to believe that Scotchbrite pads were OK for cast iron seasoning.
You'll probably find more recipes geared to the smaller skillet, but if you like bacon, you'll find it easier to cook in the larger skillet.
For the 12" skillet, the bottom of the skillet is more like 10" diameter.Get the lid.
It also fits the 12" indoor Dutch oven.
And get CAST IRON COOKING FOR DUMMIES if you're new to this.
Doesn't every kitchen need a cast-iron skillet?  This is a great choice.
I appreciate the extra grab-handle on the side - this is a weighty piece of cooking equipment, but the handle makes it easier to use.
It's also nice to know that we're getting a little extra iron in our diet!Very good quality and I definitely recommend it.
It's very nice for that -- a little easier to flip them without breaking them.
I like my 12" Lodge cast iron skillet so much that I just ordered a second one for my girlfriend.
All that for the price of just needing to manually wash, coat them with veg oil and bake for an hour at 350*.
I lucked out and got a 12" skillet under $10 and got the 7 qt Dutch oven just under $30.
I have almost all of them from the tiny (and nearly useless) 5" square "Wonder Skillet" through 6", 8", 10" and 12".
I don't have, and don't want, any of the really bigger ones.
The 10" and 12" are the most useful in everyday use.
Only get a larger one if you really do cook for a scout troop.
The ones larger than the 12" don't really fit on standard cookstove burners anyway and should be thought of as specialty gear.
It's big, black and heavy, ready for any job.
Only wish a standard-sized lid would fit it.
I have 2 pieces of Lodge cast iron cookware.
This one, which I conditioned myself, and the Lodge Logic preseasoned 10-1/4" skillet.
I have to add my voice to the chorus of cast iron admirers who don't know how they ever managed without their Lodges.
I do about 80% of my cooking with one or the other.
It is basically a honkin' big hunk of iron formed into a skillet.
This large quantity of metal, once heated, will tend to evenly distribute its heat and stay hot no matter what you put into it.
Its greatest strength may also be its greatest weakness in that it is significantly heavier than other types of cookware.
Lodge provides you with use and care instructions which are not complicated or difficult, but which you MUST follow to the letter.
Read the instructions carefully when you get your pan.
The seasoning process is not difficult (coat with Crisco and bake), and I think the finish is slightly superior to the Lodge Logic.
If you do, you'll be singing their praises with the rest of us!.
Before putting it away, I  give it a quick wipe with a thin layer of cooking oil.
There is a reason these pans have been in use for 150+ years.
Overall a fabulous piece of cast iron cookware!!  I now use it all the time for any food requiring a 12-inch skillet.
Almost as "non-stick" as my non-stick smaller skillets.
Just follow the seasoning instructions on the non-seasoned pans and you'll be fine.
I've never had a brand new piece of cast iron, and found that the seasoning directions were clear and the process was easy to do.
Limited use of hot water and a soft brush took care of any bits that were stuck to the pan.
I found that after about 5-6 uses, this pan was perfectly seasoned and it's a mainstay in my kitchen.
The 'household' understands that I am the only one who cleans the pan and that it is never to be soaked.
The standing rule is &quot;Just leave it and I'll take care of it&quot;.
There are no objections.I was so happy with the skillet that I went after the 7 qt.
I would consider my new skillet a bargain at twice the price.Tom Chekouras.
When our house burned in 1943, we couldn't get good quality replacement cookware, and someone gave my mother a stainless steel skillet.
Everything stuck in it, and we had to wait till after WWII to get a good iron skillet.
I have three now and am buying another.
The Calphalon that I thought I couldn't live without is losing its non-stick quality.
People who are afraid that cooking in aluminum contributes to Ahlzeimer's should switch to iron.
The iron imparts a certain flavor to meat that one can't get with any other metal.
There is really no reason for anyone to use anything else.
Not only are logic pans the easiest to cook with by far, but they are the easiest to clean.
NO more cookie sheets for me.The only down fall (why it got a 4 star rating) is the weight.
Not many women want to handle a very heavy, very hot pan all of the time.
There are times I needed my husband to lift it out of the oven.
I prefer my 10" and use it more often than this 12".
Daily use is better with the 10" and the 12" make a great lid for the 10" so it is handy to own them both.
Why purchase a lid-you can use the 12" more often than a lid.My 10" is preseasoned and I adore that.
I like the look better of the already blackened pan.
Although, it was a breeze to condition my 12" skillet.
I don't know how I survived without a cast iron skillet for as long as I did.
Maybe it's because my mother embrased the new-fangled non-stick cookware, and I never learned how useful cast iron could be.
Maybe it was because I was afraid I wouldn't be able to take care of cast iron.
Or maybe I just thought it would be too much work.
Once you've used it a few times, you'll hardly ever have to scrub it if you clean it immediately after cooking.
(Immediately rinse-out the pan, lightly scrub or scrape any pieces left behind, and then wipe it dry.
This will be the best value you'll ever buy for your kitchen.As for the Lodge brand, it's the only brand cast in the USA.
Other brand are imports, and sometimes are not as heavy as the Lodge.
So this is deffinately the pan you want.
It requires some care, but I expect it will last forever and perform well.
It is heavy, but does have a handle/grip directly oposite the main handle so that you can use 2 hands to lift it.
If you don't mind a little extra care and a little extra weight, buy it!  You won't find a better price anywhere.
The 12" is the perfect size for most cooking.
Coat the pan with lard, bacon grease or Crisco inside and out and wipe off the excess.
Light up your Weber (indirect) or other grill outside and put the pan on to bake with the vents wide open.
Gas grill - 1 1/2 hours and then turn off.
Not black enough?  Do it again.Rinse it off & fry up some bacon.
One half hour later the bottom will be smooth with no "mountains".
Don't try to get the pits out as it won't happen due to the quality of the cast iron.
That is why Lodge does not do it.
After reading the other reviews, there's nothing I can add to better describe the quality and value of this pan.
It is HUGE, works great, and is inexpensive.My ONE bit of advice, spend the extra $4 on the pre-seasoned version.
Its not a horrible smell, but it lingers.
HOWEVER, if the pre-seasoned pan is sold out, dont wait, buy this pan and season it yourself, its not that big of a deal.
Seasoning the pan is not hard - it keeps it with a great non-stick finish and only needs to be done once a year.
Pros: The square shape of this pan can accomodate 4 medium sized chicken breasts or 2 decent sized steaks.
The high sides help prevent the cooking from splattering all over the stovetop.
The tall grill ridges provide good sear marks and let the grease accumulate on the bottom.
It will smoke when you try to grill on it the first 10 X or so.
If you don't want the flavour get the other ones on the market.
If you care about splattering, get this one, if you don't get the flat grills.
It's cast iron, so you can run this pan as hot as you dare to sear the flavor in.
Makes excellent burgers, with nice grill marks but no burned spots, even done all the way through.
The handle is fatter than older Lodge designs and quite ergonomic as long as you're wearing an oven mitt.
You'll have to season this pan yourself, and I can't vouch for whether it will work as well as the pre-seasoned version.
I've been fighting with my grill pan since I got it.
Everything sticks and it's a bear to clean.
I think I'll try your recommendation and if it works for me, maybe I'll get that large grill/ griddle pan I've been wanting.
I received my grill pan for Christmas (per request).
When fully pre-heated I transfer the pan to a large pre-heated stovetop burner set to just under 'high' and place the food in it.
I put the food into the pan following preheating to the baking temperature in the oven.
Dry, high heat is what grilling is all about - the searing heat seals in the moisture and everything comes out nice and juicy.
The trick is simply to make sure the pan is, and stays hot enough.
My daughter loves cornbread, but evertime I made it she would end up eating crumbs because she could not cut it well.
This is really easy for her to get her desired piece from.
Also looks nice when presented, everyone has said they look cuuuuute.
I have thanked the person who gave me this for christmas many times.
I have used this pan many times and have even baked cornbread on the grill and have never had a problem with it.
The cornbread is browned just right and comes right out of the pan.
In addition to seasoning the pan, I preheat the pan for about 15 minutes, then spray it with Pam before dumping in the batter.
I have a growing collection of Lodge cast iron products and I have never been disappointed in the quality and cooking results.
Cast iron does require more care but it also holds the temperature better than any other type of cooking vessel.
I wouldn't trade my Lodge set for the best set of Calphalon available!.
I didn't realize that I had ordered the unseasoned pan until after it had been shipped.
The result was perfect cornbread: the wedges popped right out of the pan without sticking at all.
The hot set-up would be to have 2 of these pans- that would equal one standard cornbread recipe.
OK I'm a Lodge-aholic just ask my wife.
I think the reason folks don't like this pan is incorrect seasoning/technique.
With the Lodge logic seasoning is not a problem.
Preheat in the oven while the oven heats up for a minimum of 20 minutes.
I cook both scratch and mix and love the Trader Joe's mix.
When done let sit for 5 minutes and the loosen the wedges.
I love this product and it works great for me.
I usually bake cornbread in my 10" cast iron skillet but thought this would be a nice variation.
I seasoned the skillet and before pouring in the batter, I wiped it down with oil and placed it in the oven to get hot.
There was a little bit of sticking in the corner but nothing that damaged the cornbread.
I've used it several times since then, mostly working on modifying my own recipe to fit the pan, and the cornbread pops right out.
The cornbread from this pan pairs really well with beans and other types of soup.I have also used the skillet to make scones and muffins.
If you are building your Lodge collection, this is a very good and useful addition.
If you keep it seasoned and sprayed, the center won't stick.
The first time I used it, I didn't spray it and it stuck in the points (a wooden chopstick or skewer is good for scraping).
It cooks things much more evenly than a round or square pan where the middle can be gooey.
Because I have celiac disease, I have to make gluten-free recipes which are even tougher to cook in the middle.
This pan is outstanding for gluten free doughs as well as ones with gluten.
Try it, as I have, with muffin batter, any scone recipe, cornbread, any quick-bread or even yeasted bread.
It's so inexpensive that this seems the thing to do.
Had friends visiting and showed them how easy it is to get great poached or hardboiled eggs using this handy egg cooker.
Bought them on and they love it!  Especially when it crows when the eggs are done.
It is a fun novelty and adds some pizazz to yourcooking as welll as being practical!.
But it is a nuisance to correctly time eggs to get the right level of &quot;done-ness.&quot; This appliance does it just right.
As to poaching, none of these egg cookers really poaches an egg; to do that, you need a fry pan with some barely simmering water.
Crack the (freshest possible) egg into a saucer and slip under the water.
Lift out the cooked egg with a slotted spoon and drain.
The thermostat in the base detects the temperature spike that happens when the water has boiled off.
I had 2 Oster egg cookers which were wonderful but each quit working a year or two after purchase.
I don't do soft boiled so I can't comment on that, but I suppose it's pretty much the same.
You have to use your own judgment as to the amount of water to use, not the levels in the cooker.
If you want perfect hard boiled eggs, though, this can't be beat.
You are instructed to fill water to the second "oval" on the bottom of the base.
My husband likes soft poached, I like firmer poached.
What I will do different next time: fill water to the third oval, then disconnect when it gives its alarm, and cover with a towel.
This should keep it warm and help it to stabilize until we are ready to eat.I made 3 hard-boiled eggs.
I did as instructed and filled to the third oval for hard-boiled eggs.
I used the pin on the base to poke the big ends of the eggs - it doesn't leak, and cooked as instructed.
Once the alarm sounded, I disconnected and then put a towel on top for a few minutes until I was ready to eat.
The eggs were perfect hard boiled and in a short amount of time.I definitely like this and will use it a lot.
It is simple enough my husband can use it.
It doesn't cluck, but it makes a small alarm clock type of noise.
It is the easiest way to boil eggs.
You don't need to use a pot or a timer.
Just add the right amount of water and the eggs and you'll get them perfectly cooked each time.
I can't imagine cooking my eggs the old way anymore - this is just so easy.
I use henrietta 2-3 times a week and never realized that i have had her since 2008 and it works awesome.
I only use this for boiled eggs so I do not know how well it does other things.
It makes great eggs all the time once you get the right amount of water figured out.
Too much and it overflows too little and the yolks of the eggs are not cooked all the way.
Convenient and quick and fun for hard or soft boiling eggs.I have found the water levels work well for this.Kids love it.Much easier than boiling.
Inexpensive.Does not do a great job at poaching, I concur with other reviews.Still one of my favorite old-timey appliances.
The eggs come out quite tasty and in a fraction of the time as boiling the eggs.
The thing I don't love is that sometimes the water leaks out around the edge, but I guess it just boils over?.
Well, the one I received doesn't 'chirp' - it just sounds like a regular kitchen timer, so I was very disappointed.
So I bought this boiled egg maker off of groupon last week.
I thought, "It's a plastic chicken that holds 7 eggs and chirps when they're done - it's silly, but so what".
It made the PERFECT BOILED EGGS!!! The yolk was bright yellow, no green rim or hard spots.
The shell didn't crack while cooking and then peeled off in one swipe afterwards.
It's great! Cooks eggs without any fuss and peeling is fantastic!  I used to have trouble sometimes peeling eggs, as I'm sure many people do.
This is wonderful!  The shells peel off so easily and now I look forward to cooking hard boiled eggs.
I haven't tried it for poached eggs yet but will soon.
This is a nice size bread box that holds about three loaves of bread.
The color is red/orange as opposed to a red/blue shade, but it's really pretty and would look chic on any countertop.
Nice, sturdy breadbox, and actually nicer than I expected it to be.
Now, everything is all neat and tidy and since my appliances are black, this box blends well with my kitchen.
I am glad that I chose this one instead of one of the "traditional" wood boxes I was considering.
This one suits me so much better and I'll just buy the traditional one for my mom.
no my choice but i do like the simple fact of it and easy to match especially kitchen items.
this was perfect quite large and can contain about 3 or 4 loafs of bread or buns.
the metal is not my favorite this works for now.
I like the style of the bread box was hopeful that it would hold all my families various loaves of bread.
But still usually have some loafes out on top.
It fits a lot, the only thing is that as it's aged it sticks a bit.
We may have bent the metal on the inside with an item so it's not as sturdy of construction as I would have liked.
Some of the reviews made me not want to order this bread box, but I am glad I did.
The door closes and opens very very smoothly.
The red color was a deep color red, I think it looks great.Make sure you read the measurements if space is a problem.
Other reviewers said the breadbox was so light it moved around.
That has not been the case for me and my husband.
Holds a loaf of bread, hotdog and hamburger buns.
And the bread does stay much fresher!!  I love it.
Looks good and fits 2 loaves of bread.
I bought this to organize odd bags of chips, etc.
which were cluttering up the top of my refrigerator.
I just love it!  Now the fridge looks nice and tidy.
I think this was a great idea of mine, if I say so myself.
Sorry if I sound a bit too cocky.
I bought three of these and use them as "drawers" in my potting shed.
One holds gloves, another my collection of small pruning shears, and the third holds a hammer, screwdriver, etc.
The shed is covered, but open to the elements, and these cool boxes still look great.
They open and close smoothly, and give a nice pop of color to the shelves while keeping my equipment organized.
I liked it so well that I bought a blue one for my daughter's pantry.
She is using it to organize all her loose, open bags of pasta.
They have been outside in my potting area since then.
I do not bring them in for the winter, they are outside all year where they are semi-protected from rain, but face bright sunlight.
After four years of constant use and abuse, they look good as new, and the doors still slide effortlessly.
I've cleaned them once with an inexpensive car wash product & a no-buff car wax.
I am confident these breadboxes will last long enough to become family heirlooms.
I am quite happy with my new red bread box.
It rolls very easily and is nice and roomy.
I have two loaves of bread and a package of English muffins in there right now and nothing is getting squashed.
It looks soooo much neater than all that clutter on the counter.
I don't really need my accent pieces to match exactly, so I'm satisfied.
However that does knock the rating down to four stars for me, because I was expecting a deeper apple-red.
What I am REALLY stoked about is that I got this piece for FREE on a "4 for 3" sale!.
Nice breadbox, not heavy-duty, but does the job.
Color is not a bright red, but a little lighter red.
Lid slides nicely, roomy enough inside to hold several bread items (loaf of bread, hot dog buns).
If you aren't looking for something Williams-Sonoma-ish, then this will do fine.
It looks great in my kitchen and is a lot bigger than I expected.
The only issue is that the front cover is hard to slide down.
It still closes, but with a little work.
It came ready-to-use out of the box, and setup was done in seconds.WHY YOU SHOULD BUY IT:The product looks exactly as described.
It actually surprised me when it fit 2 loaves of bread inside, plus, albeit a tight squeeze, a loaf of garlic bread in the front.
There are about 20 small holes on the rear for light airflow, and one on each side as well.
I have noticed it has done it's job well.
The deciding factor for me was that it is bright red (and it surely is) and goes well with my kitchen decor.
So if you do not have a red decor, this probably is not for you.
I would be cautious to give this as a gift for someone, unless you know they like red appliances.
The cover wobbles just a small tad when moving up and down, but at it's price point, it works how it intends to.
This is exactly what we were looking for.
Looks more expensive than it is, I think.
Keeps our counters looking more neat and organized.
I've never had one of my own, but remember my Mom having one or a special kitchen drawer for bread.
I became tired of my bread being cold from the fridge or stale.
Bread stays fresh longer and I have more room in the refrigerator.
I bit lighter red than it looked but it fits two loaves of bread and is easy to clean and use.
I've thought about a bread box for awhile now but never found an appropriate one.
I love the room inside fits two loaf of bread and even pack buns on the side.
much bigger then my last one, my only complaint is the red, it dull red and wish is was brighter.
I looked on line and many people suggested a bread box.
This was a nice look, and not the hundreds of dollars of others, so I figured I'd give it a go.
Not totally air proof, which not a bad thing.
My bread will last maybe 3-4 days in there.
But I also put my bag of store bought english muffins, and any other things I have opened and not consumed fully (pop tarts).
It's also nice to store some fruit on top of to help keep my counter clear.
I think better than putting bread in a bag, but wish would keep fresh a day or two longer.
I wish it was a tad bit bigger, but its a standard bread box size.
It is a bright red and has plenty of room.
I wish it was a bit darker red but it closes nicely and has plenty of room so that's the most important.
This looks nice, however the lid sometimes sticks when trying to open or shut it.
It is pretty deep inside, enough to put two loaves side by side and something on top as well.
It's been years since I've even seen a breadbox.
Love that it matches my other Kitchen Aid pieces.
Works well and can hold two loafs of bread and a bag of mini bagels all at the same time.
It's cute, with a retro look to it.
It's just big enough to fit a decent sized loaf of bread and perhaps a bag of bagels and buns.
It looks great in my kitchen, as I have other red accessories.
It appears to be sturdy and I'm glad I bought it!.
This is a very nice breadbox--nice looking and good quality.
Matches all my appliances and even the other kitchen aide products I have in my kitchen.
Holds alot and is not cheesy looking at all!!! A real good purchase--thanks again amazon !!!.
We have used this for some time and it is terrific.
Holds more than you think and tidies up the area nicely.
My family likes to point out that they have not seem a breadbox since the early 90s in anyone's kitchen.
My response to that is that anyone who doesn't have one is missing out!  I remember my mother having a big clunky country breadbox.
It was ugly and took up a ton of space.
Matches everything perfectly and, for being a good size, doesn't take up a ton of counter space.
But, it keeps all that from being seen because it's all tucked away in a nice sleek box.
It is made of high quality materials that are really lightweight but sturdy.
Was slightly hesitant to purchase this Polder Deluxe breadbox given the mixed reviews.
However, was pleasantly surprised when I received it.
It's lighter than traditional wood breadboxes, and I liked the many color choices (I chose black enamel).
The breadbox sits squarely on the counter, and the roll-top door retracts smoothly and closes firmly.
Large enough for bread loaf plus additional baked goods.
I've had this breadbox for almost 6 years now, and it still looks and works as well as it did when it was new.
After remodeling the kitchen, I wanted to include a black breadbox to match the decor.
I had some concerns about being flimsy but took a chance and was well pleased.
It arrived much faster than what Amazon estimated, was well packaged and met all my expectations.
Although "flimsy" is a somewhat subjective term based on the customers previous experience, the one I received is well build.
After looking at several drains, I chose this one and I am extremely pleased with it.
I simply wash and dry the tray as it collects water from the dishes...so no problem with rusting.
Not only does it function well, it looks great!  I am very happy with my purchase.
Needs to be cleaned regularly because of the metal base, you run the risk of rust if you let water sit in it too long.
I bought this toaster oven with the intent of toasting four slices of bread.
But hey, it can't do everything.It is hard to clean the interior because the racks cannot be removed the whole way for cleaning.
They do slide in and out with the door opening/closing, which make it nice to retreive your bread without burning hands on the elements inside.
The unit doesn't have to be slid back and forth across the counter like most toasters either.
All three elements seem like too much for one slice.
If it was 1 inch wider it would accomodate 4 slices of bread, and then it would be perfect.
My lovely bride brought a Toasty into our marriage almost eight years ago.
It's pretty easy to clean, and with its small footprint can be left on the counter, or hidden on a shelf, without much difficulty.
It's not particularly complex, and there's not a lot of subtlety in the timing or temperature controls.
But for basic jobs, a small machine like this is hard to beat.
I have just received this toaster so I can't comment on its' durability but I can talk about the toast.
It takes up vertical space which means I can keep it out on my counter.
It's also a true gem to put in a guestroom breakfast bar.You can bake just a few cookies in this.
Make a batch of  cookie dough, freeze the dough in pre-cut portions.
Then bake 2-4 cookies while you prepare dinner.
that is the seller for me....I toast ; heat up and cook french fries and fish sticks ; no problem.
I purchased this little toaster to make cinnamon toast, rather than heating up my oven.
It is small and take up little space on my counter.
I have mine positioned next to the coffee maker.
Someone before me mentioned the limits this toaster has and that is a fact I can attest to.
If you want something to toast bread, bagels, or heat up rolls, this toaster is perfect for very small amounts.
In addition, what ever you place in this toaster, it better be small.
I would say it is perfect for one person to make treats.
This is a great toaster for my cinnamon toast addiction.
I would not want to do much more with it.
You could probably use it to toast nuts too, but I have not tested this yet.
I plan to also make cheese toast with this little baby soon too.
love it!  :)  Looks much better than an aluminum lid I bought thinking this lid was too expensive.
the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses.
this lid fits all my large frying pans and can be used on any pot that doesn't have the handles sticking upwards.
It's very thin, which would present no problem except that the round edge is sharp.
(I'd prefer a rounded edge.) I have to be careful when handling it because of that.
Otherwise, since it wasn't expensive, I consider it a satisfactory buy.
I did all the work, but the lid helped.
Though, the lid didn't help with the clean up.
The only thing I don't like about this lid is that it has a vent hole.
But then again, it was very hard to find a lid to match my 8&#34; frying pan, so I'll have to make do with it.
If you are buying this for the Sitram frying pan, I'm sure you will be happy with it.
But I just want to let everyone know that it also works with the Cuisinart MultiClad Pro 8&#34; pan too.
This isn't a perfect match for the Sitram Profiserie line--at least the lid we got wasn't.
The handle on this lid is shaped like the handles on the sides of our Profiserie pots.
Other than that, it is the same shape as other lids, the metal finish matches, and it does the job right.
On the 10 inch Orgreenic pan this seems to fit probably best of the aftermarket lids I have tried.
It is a little bit wobbly, but it sits close enough to flat and not very prone to slide off.
That is a $16 PTFE coated pan sold in Supervalu or Albertsons supermarkets.
It is not a custom fit, but it is adequate.I like the Sitram lid better than I like the Orgreenic frying pan.
I bought this lid to fit the 3.3 qt.
I have given this duo as a gift also, and will again when the occasion arises.
A sticky label does not affect the function of this excellent saucepan.
One of my favorites from my extensive Sitram Catering collection.
I grab this often to heat up most liquid ingredients (e.g.
The glue will slightly bubble and you can remove it with a paper towel.
Do this at your own risk since I do not know anything about the safety of 409 and mineral spirits reactions.
This works for me for removing labels from all my Sitram cookware.Finally, Sitram Catering is an EXCELLENT line of cookware.
It's hard to find similar quality (especially with copper) in the same price range.
I previously gave a 5-star review to theSitram Catering 1.5-Liters Commercial Stainless Steel Saucepan.
This saucepan looks exactly the same, but scaled up to twice the size.
The performance, I imagine, is just as good.
(I'm not positive, because I've since moved to a house with an electric range.
It's hard to tell the difference between good and bad cookware now!)Unfortunately, I have not found the saucepan's handle to be comfortable in this size.
It's basically a thick strip of metal, formed into a "U" to give it strength.
When the saucepan is full of water or food, I find that this handle design digs into my hand uncomfortably.
It was never a problem with the lighter 1.5 L pan.
The handle is not rounded, but thin and rigid for lack of a better word.
The Profiserie Sitram line is easier and "softer" to handle.
Using a wooden spatula (never metal) will keep things from sticking just fine -- scrape when necessary w/ the wooden spatula.
Do not forget to keep your wooden spatulas/spoons/cutting boards oiled too.
(See my other reviews for suggestions on this topic)Oil sprays are not necessary and only last so long anyway.
This pan will become a valued partner in the kitchen.
It is a joy to use knowing that you are using a high quality item.
It is good to hand wash these pans and to use a little bit of "Bartenders Friend" to keep them shining like new.
I own it and use it everyday with NO problems.
The pan has a thick copper core sandwiched between layers of stainless steel and is very responsive to temperature changes.
Cleaning the pan is a snap in the dishwasher.
If by chance something sticks, a little soak with hot, soapy water first does the trick.Sitram Catering Stainless Steel pans are extremely high quality pans.
The prices are on par when compared to other high quality lines but the prices are no longer the great deal they used to be.
I was surprised at the weight of this pan; I have been a devotee of &quot;Calaphon&quot; for over 20 years.
I am starting to convert to stainless little by little.
The handle also has a gap where it is welded to the pan which lets fluids drain down rather than collect in a pocket.
The recommend that you use non-metalic utensils to keep from scratching it.
The heavy layer of copper bonded between two layers of stainless on the bottom works great to distribute heat accross the pan.
There's something about fry pans or skillets that do not make them universally useful.
For example, for frying chicken, chops, steak, hamburgers or the like, you can't beat a well seasoned cast iron skillet.
For frying eggs or delicate food, you'll probably reach for a non-stick skillet (sometime called an omelet pan).
I shall review this 11" fry pan based on its merits and perceived value.This 11" fry pan is very well constructed.
heat conductivity, heat capacity, heavy weight, and very flat bottom) that other Sitram Catering cookware offer.
However, there is one design limitation you must be aware of.
The copper disk at the bottom does not cover the entire bottom.
The inside diameter of the cooking area is 9 ? in.
while the copper disk only covers less than 8 ? in.
Hence, you must be careful not to have food near the sides of the fry pan.
IMHO, you do not have the same limitation with a pan that uses a straight gauge or fully clad conductor (instead of a disk).
For this reason, I cannot give this frying pan 5 stars.
The handle is not rounded, but thin and rigid for lack of a better word.
The Profiserie Sitram line is easier and "softer" to handle.
Using a wooden spatula (never metal) will keep things from sticking just fine -- scrape when necessary w/ the wooden spatula.
Do not forget to keep your wooden spatulas/spoons/cutting boards oiled too.
(See my other reviews for suggestions on this topic)Oil sprays are not necessary and only last so long anyway.
This pan will become a valued partner in the kitchen.
It is a joy to use knowing that you are using a high quality item.
It is good to hand wash these pans and to use a little bit of "Bartenders Friend" to keep them shining like new.
I do not use nonstick pans for anything.I hope this is helpful.Cheers,Neil Etter[...].
After going through a set of Revere Ware and then Calphalon with some Magnalite along the way, I am happy to discover Sitram.
This cookware is everything a person could want--takes less heat than others, cooks evenly, and looks beautiful.
I wish I had had it fifty years ago.
Cleanup is a breeze and although I use an oil spray, there is no problem with sticking, as one might expect with stainless steel.
This is less expensive than All-Clad and just as efficient.
A person with good equipment can always do a better job.
In my experience, the copper clad bottoms are superior to aluminum clad pans in heat distribution.
This copper-bottomed Catering line by Sitram is the best performing line of cookware around.
When you remove this pan from the heat it cools quickly, too, meaning food stops cooking when you want it too.
Also, its quite easy to clean up, probably because the stainless interior seems to be a lot more smooth than in other pans.
If you cook often enough to be considering a pan in this price range, just get it.
You'll love copper the first time you use it!.
Small steam vent prevents lid from jumping/rattling while simmering.
Just add a few "real corks" under handle or you'll always need to use a towel/oven mitt as the handle will be hot.
Both the lid and the cork have had no problems being run through the dishwasher.
Sitram is a bit expensive, but definitely worth the price.
Love this line because food does not stick to it and very easy to clean.
Some reviewers say the lid is too thin.
I agree it is light, but it fits fine.
The metal of mine is 0.5 mm (0.02 inch) thick.
It is thinner than many of my lids, maybe all, but I think it's enough.
The inside diameter of the pan measures 24 cm, and the lid fits snugly inside that just fine.
I had been wondering why Amazon tells us that the lid is "9.5 inches".
As a former wine writer, I feel I have to provide some caveats about the Vacu Vin.
I have been using this device for over ten years now.
Its claim of keeping wines fresh to up to 2 weeks is grossly exaggerated, even under ideal situations.
The moment you uncork a wine, the wine begins to change because of its contact with air.
This device works best with white wines that will be kept in the fridge.
The lower temperature greatly reduces the pace of oxidation.
How much wine is left in the bottle is also important.
For red wines kept in room temperature, one day is usually the most you can expect.
The wine will turn more tannic and hollow, since the fruit and acidity of a wine are usually diminished the quickest after exposure to oxygen.
There have been many studies done on the various wine preservation devices.
The Vacu Vin is generally regarded in the "limited effectiveness" category, but the low cost makes it a "worthwhile thing to have" class.
I would certainly recommend it for white wines, just drink up the rest quickly, preferrably within a day or so.
Sometimes I used to finish off a bottle of wine on my own and found it too much (I didn't want to waste any).
Mostly I'd just put the cork back in each time and have it the next day or so.
I'd bought a different type a long time ago that wasn't very good.
Now I don't have to finish off the bottle or drink stale wine the next day.
It will last a few days with this, but you can't use it for sparkling wine.
It's so easy to use, you just turn it until you hear a clicking sound, then you know the air is out.
Well, the Vacu Vin Wine Saver gift pack is about as close to a fresh bottle as one can get.
It seals the bottle from air getting in and ruining your precious vintage.
You just have to be careful what utensils get near the seal, I think mine was damaged by a fork.
I had seen these in the stores and was dubious about them, but I received one as a gift.
What can I say?  It works brilliantly.In my household of one, it generally takes three days to drink a bottle of wine.
In my opinion, the Vacu Vin is much better for whites than reds.
In my pre-VV days, I found that after one day in the fridge, a half bottle of white was noticably flat.
No more!  A day-old half bottle tastes brand new, and a week old quarter bottle is very drinkable.
For reds left on the kitchen counter, without VV they would be undrinkable after three days.
With VV they have definitely lost a step, but they are still very drinkable.
I drink a half cup of wine every day and I decided to purchase this and happy with this.
I gave one to a friend and she likes it.
My husband and I have been using this product for at least three years.
There is no guilt felt when opening a bottle to have one or two glasses.
When we want to have just one glass each we also have the freedom to have a different wine.
The opened white wine is stored in the refrigerator and that extends the life for a few weeks.
It is nice to have a chilled bottle ready for when I want just one glass.
It's not often a full bottle of wine is finished in one night at my house as we tend to drink beer more than wine.
In the past I would struggle to get the cork back into the bottle to save it for another night.
Of course I was not always successful and several times ruined what was left by getting pieces of cork into the wine.
Recently at a friends house I saw her using the Vacu Vin Wine Saver and realized I needed one myself.
I found them here on Amazon and at the time it was included in the 4-for-3 promotion so it was a great deal.
Since receiving it I have had the chance to use it twice and it couldn't be easier to use.
I see that you can buy extra stoppers, but for me two is plenty.
Color didn't matter to me, but if you prefer it also comes inBlack.
The Vacu Vin, on the other hand, is the best friend wine ever had.
We purchased this from Amazon in 2008 and have used it frequently since.
It is easy to use, is very durable, and most importantly, does significantly extend the life of open wine by reducing oxidation.
turning my left overs into cooking wine!  If you plan on drinking the left over wine, consume it the next day.
Any more time than that, and the wine loses it's subtle flavors.
This is a really great value and would make an excellent gift.
I have used this outfit for years and it works wonderfully well.
If you buy the big 1.5 liter bottles of wine, you will save money and can keep it fresh with this item.
Takes a little pump, pump, pumping, but you can use the exercise.
With the  pump and replacement caps you can recap the bottles and remove all the  excess air (nowhere for the spirit to escape to!).
Also great for keeping  cooking wine in the fridge -- this way you can use decent wine for recipies  and not waste the whole thing.
Probably has saved a dozen two-day old  bottles from being poured down the drain.
I lived in France a while back and took to the habit of having a good glass of wine with dinner.
The problem was that with just one or two of us drinking, most the of wine went bad before it was finished.
We use our vacu vin wine saver all of the time since purchasing it about six months ago.
It enables us to put partially full bottles back into our wine cooler, which we were unable to do before.
We had tried unsuccessfully to do this with other wine corks.
I just received this item a few weeks ago and have only used it a few times.
Once I open a bottle of wine, it usually takes 4 or 5 days to finish it.
It is much easier to use this item rather than putting the original cork back in the bottle.
I do not notice any difference (better or worse) in taste of the wine after 3 or 4 days in the fridge.
The item is very easy to use and only takes a few pulls to remove the air.
It is better than putting a cork back in a bottle.
It's so easy and so much cheaper than others on the market.
I've had the Vacu Vin for several years and use it almost every day.
There may be units that eliminate more oxygen from the bottle, but they're costly and complicated.
You can  further retard oxidation in the bottle by refrigerating the sealed-again  wine.
Just take it out about an hour before you  plan to drink it and enjoy.
Don't think that by using these, you can store that bottle for another year!  This adds on a few days...maybe more in the fridge.
So for that purpose, which is all most of us need it to do, it's perfect.
It definately works and is simple to use.
No better way to have a few bottles of wine chilling in the fridge - otherwise you're just drinking one at a time.
it works, it will keep an opened bottles of wine fresher longer.
Not much else you can say about it.
It's easy to use, easy to clean, and well made.
Has saved wines for up to ten days (so far).
Certainly worth the price of avoiding wasting opened bottles.
Looking at the reviews of this an other Vacuvin products, you see reports that are deeply contradictory.
It's interesting that there is such a divergence of experience with such a simple product.
The ideas behind Vacuvin are pretty simple.First, air is the enemy of an open bottle of wine.
Bacteria in the air want to turn alcohol into vinegar.
The biochemical reactions that kill your wine are temperature sensitive.
They proceed faster when the wine is warm and slow down when it's cool.
I love the Vacu Vin Wine Savers, as they have more than paid for themselves within the first month.
Since I travel extensively, I am not able to finish a bottle of wine in between trips.
The Vacu Vin save the wine with the same or near same freshness as when I opened the bottle.
It simple to use, just keep track of the rubber stoppers and make sure you don't throw it away with an empty bottle.
This product is simple and straight forth, easy to use, and hey, it REALLY works.
We've used it on both red and white wine and while most wine around here doesn't ever stand a chance at being around that long.
we have had wine for several days after using the Vacu Vin and it's been just as good as when we first opened it.
Love using this to keep wine fresh after opening.
I can't finish off a whole bottle of wine at one sitting - and good thing, too, else I'd be a confirmed alcoholic.
You can't create a total vacuum, of course, but you can do pretty well.
What makes wine go 'bad' is oxygenation reactions, which depend on the quantity of oxygen available to react with the wine.
Sucking air out of the bottle removes some of that oxygen, leaving less to create off-flavors that spoil your wine.It's not perfect.
Frankly both of those are quite a hassle when one's just trying to hold over a california cab till the next evening.
For your 1783 bottle of d'Yquem, though, you'd be well advised to check out an alternative method.I recommend this product heartily!.
I don't finish a typical bottle of red wine for about a week, so anything I can do to keep it fresh seems sensible.
Also, it's a lot easier than trying to replace certain types of corks.
I am not a wine connoisseur, and I like to enjoy a glass occasionally.
Simply put in the stopper, than use the pump until you hear a click, sealing the bottle.
I saw this wine saver/pump/stopper at a local winery but they wanted $35 for it.
Found it on Amazon for less and I love it.
These stoppers are fantastic for preserving open bottles of wine for a couple of days.
The hand pump removes some (but not all of the air) from the bottle slowing the oxygentation of the wine.
Since the pump does not create a perfect vacuum, the fuller the bottle the longer the wine will preserve.
my boyfriend really wanted this and i thought he was crazy.
then we got it and used it and we both love it.
I find bottles resealed with this vacuum stop to maintain freshness longer than with a cork.
These steps are unnecessary if you know you will finish the bottle.1.
You need to do nothing if the bottle is just out of wine fridge.
You can warm the wine in the glass later.2.
Pour chilled wine into glasses just after opening the bottle, and seal the bottle with vacu-vin right away.
You can aerate the wine in the glass.
It merely helps extending acceptable storage time from one day to a few days.
I've had other versions of this type of item before, but I love this one.
I can't think of anything I'd change to make it better!.
I typically take a week to drink a bottle, usually big table reds like Zin, Cabernet, Malbec.
I definitely notice a difference in shelf life when using the VacuVin.
It keeps the wine from tasting oxidized longer than a standard cork, and that's enough for my palate.I'd previously tried the nitrogen/inert gas method.
Then there was the biggest problem: it was consumable.
That meant that before sealing the wine, I had to decide if I'd want a 2nd glass later.
If I changed my mind & wanted another half a glass, then I wondered if it was worth unsealing & re-gassing the wine.
Or if I never got around to having that 2nd glass, I'd forget to go back & gas the wine.
I generally drink my wine within 3-5 days of sealing.
The wine tasted awesome! Same flavor profile with even more rounded tannins.
And the cherry on top was that there was only about 5 ounces remaining in the bottle.
so easy to opened the wine .how nice .you can opened wine by your self .easy for use for everyone.
And after trying it I must say it works!You get the "pump" and two corks with this.
This takes all the air out of the bottle and secures the cork.
They will not stay on good and will not work.2) When you get the corks and pump, wash them before using.
Only the extra stoppers, a Vacu Vin pump is required!  But definitely the best I've found.
Audible click so you know when it's done.
I bought these after I could not get stoppers for my other older model.
This one works much better and the vacuum lasts longer.
FYI, with the stopper you need the mechanical vacuum extractor device, too.
Was not sure would work with our pump but they have been working well now for over a year.
Quality rubber and it really makes a difference in wine flavor.
Love these! The vacu vin stoppers are my favorite and work very well to preserve open bottles of wine or other beverages.
I've purchased these for everyone in my family and they all enjoy using them.
These work with the old style vacu vin and seem to work better than the old stoppers did.
Maybe if they were flourescent colors I wouldn't lose them as easily?.
It's interesting that there is such a divergence of experience with such a simple product.
The ideas behind Vacuvin are pretty simple.First, air is the enemy of an open bottle of wine.
Bacteria in the air want to turn alcohol into vinegar.
The biochemical reactions that kill your wine are temperature sensitive.
They proceed faster when the wine is warm and slow down when it's cool.
I bought these to add to the ones that come in the set with the pump.
It is great for always having a clean one ready or for having a party where you have multiple bottles open.
These stoppers will usually keep the wine from oxidizing.
Easy order which was promptly delivered at a great price.
These vacu vins make drinking a full bottle of wine pleasureable for up to a week.
Love wine, do you drink only a glass worth for a meal?This system is for you.
With the additional vacuum pump you can keep many wines for days after you've opened them.
These &#34;corks&#34; are so much more effective than the ones that originally seal the bottles.
Of course, you will need the pump to put the remaining wine under pressure.
I advise finishing the opened bottle within two to three days if possible.
If this doesn't appeal to you, you'll have cooking wine.I purchased these extra stoppers to replace the ones I lost.
They would be easier to find if they were neon green or neon orange!  Guess I better order more.
The ice bucket is a great way to chill, but you get someone who had the ice cold dripping on themselves.
You can leave the bottle on the table and not worry about the bottle getting cold.
I have 3, was given 2 and found the third in a different design.
You can also take it in your picnic basket for a nice cold bottle of wine.
Bought these as a Christmas present and they have been used extensively since then.
They have kept their shape, haven't faded in any color, and still stay cold.
Love this product as it keeps the wine chilled at the table without the mess of an ice bucket and it is quite attractive.
If you are like me and always forget to chill the white wine until the last minute -- your worries are over.
We keep two of these in the freezer and in 10 minutes a deliciously cold glass of white wine is ready.
I use two because I really like my wine cold.
I throw one on for 5 minutes then change.
And they don't take up any room in the freezer.
It works!  Bought it specifically to keep New Age wine chilled while serving it.
Works Great and so fun to show off!.
Seems a bit pathetic but that modest delay can crush the  spirit, a veritable purgatory.
I agree with the other reviewer that 5  minutes is a bit ambitous, but in 10 the bottle is ready to rumble.
This,  along with its cousin the 'wine saver' are two of the best inexpesive gifts  for people that drink wine.
I use mine CONSTANTLY and give them as gifts quite a bit.
It's easy - you simply keep this in your freezer, and when you want to drink a bottle of white wine, slip it on.
I first saw cold sleeves for wine at an excellent restaurant in Padova, Italy last year.
Since then, I've bought a few as gifts and have a few in the freezer myself.
They're each effective, especially for a quick cooling of room temperature red wine - about 10 minutes should do it.
Since white wines are served cooler, it takes more time and probably 2 chillers to cool sufficiently.
As others have suggested, even a 5 minute trip in the freezer with this sleeve will help move it along quickly.
It's effective and fun to use; far better than an ice bucket on a table.
I highly recommend it for yourself or as a clever gift for wine drinkers.
This works great for keeping an already chilled bottle of wine cold but really isn't good for chilling a warm bottle.
We bought several to use at a party we had and they worked great.
Also nice when you want to take a chilled bottle with you outside.
Buy two so you can keep one in the freezer and rotate them.
This is such a handy thing to have around if you enjoy white wine.
I keep both of mine in the freezer -- always at the ready.However, I found that if you need wine instantly chilled (e.g.
if you pick it off the shelf or out of a wine rack, as opposed to the refrigerator) this is not the best bet.
This model does not fit larger-based champagne bottles.Cheers!.
It keeps the wine chilled while sitting out.
I have one of these in a really cute pattern that almost resembles a folk-art Renoir painting...the pattern alone won me over.
This is with a room temp bottle -already cold wines will benefit just that much more.I keep mine in the freezer for impromptu dinners.
A kind friend gave us these...for some very special occassion, I do not recall.
I was less than enthusiastic about them when I received them.
However, we find ourselves using them every time we open a bottle of white wine.
It's very convenient for getting your wine chilled quickly or keeping it chilled after opening, we use it mostly for keeping an open bottle cool.
Having two in the freezer at all time is very convenient for comparing two different bottles of wine.
Very light weight and compact to keep in the freezer.
I also use them as ice packs for my kids when they have a boo boo.
They can be cleaned with a clorox wipe.
These are the best wine coolers/champagne chillers that money can buy.They came when expected - on time and ready for use.
It's a fun drinking game to give this corkscrew to a friend who's had a bit too much to wine.
There are dozens of ways to use it which will result in nothing more than a mangled cork.
But once you do figure out the right  way, this tool cleanly and efficiently extracts corks from any wine bottle.
Beware: this corkscrew is a bit on the large side and looks more like a  commercial metal worker's gadget than a kitchen tool.
but now I would definitely rate this five stars having carefully followed the instructions to a tee.
We have had this now for about 4 months.
There is great mechanical advantage with this device so pulling a cork is easy, and it seems well balanced with handles on both sides.
The foil cutter is very functional and stores on top of the corkscrew body.
It is quite clever in design and hence somewhat intriguing and a conversation piece.
The foil cutter is still useable, but we have to store it in a drawer.
Otherwise, it is still a fast, easy corkscrew, and works perfectly on most bottles.Update, 2012: I finally had to retire this corkscrew.
There are flexible plastic arms that grab the bottle, when the compression barrel is pushed down.
Over time, these arms have cracked off at their bases.
I have systematically epoxied them back on, only to have another one break.
The corkscrew actually worked with three of the four arms intact, untill another arm broke and I gave up on it.
If they would make those arms with spring steel, or at least a stronger molding design for the plastic I would buy another.
I am surprised by this poor design feature in such a clever instrument.
My husband bought me this very corkscrew about eight years ago when we were living in Singapore.
That was, until it finally broke on me about 6 months ago.
It's pretty scary looking but it's the only corkscrew I've been able to negotiate with any consistency.
I highly recommend this pricey but effective tool.
I totally love it!Vacu Vin Winemaster Corkscrew, Black.
*****This is by far the best wine opener I have ever used.
It is beautiful, a work of art, just to start with--therefore it can be left out and does make a great conversation piece.
(I have the "clear" WineMaster.)It works wonderfully, from the attached foil cutter, to the heavy duty parts--everything does what it is supposed to.
First, you lock the opener onto the bottle.
It also would make a great gift for someone special.*****.
Maybe it is slightly big, but worth the money in terms of ease of use.
Looking at the vacuvin website, you can quickly get to their webpage with "international" offices, one of which is in North Carolina.
I called them and they were extremely helpful.
When it works the food savers are great - easy to use and they dont use a lot of space.
However, I have had a problem with the cannisters losing their suction for no apparent reason.
The vacu-vin food saver storage system is great!  The container forms an airtight seal for leftovers or dry foods, allowing for a long storage time.
Buy the larger, cheaping bulk packaged items at a savings, then repackage into smaller more usable portion using the vacu-vin containers.
Definately notice a difference in the freshness and shelf life of my coffee, tea, and junk foods.
I bought two sets!Also comes with an extra stopper, so you can use it for wines as well.
I have had great luck using these containers to keep food for longer periods of time in my fridge.
These are especially good for keeping cheese from going bad.
I've found they work well with anything that I want to keep from spoiling.
I highly recommend them and plan to buy several sets for family members.
This system is the greatest at keeping foods fresh!  I use the containers for dry cereals, excess sugar, pasta, etc.
It is so handy to have these air-tight containers around, for foods we do not use frequently on a daily basis.
The food stays much fresher than when stored in the original packaging.
I did a cookie test in these vs.
my normal cookie jar with a rubber seal.
My findings were if you keep the container tightly sealed without ever opening it, food will last a long time, perhaps several months.
Of course, it marinates well too, but the other flat, squarish design might serve this purpose better.
These jars have a 0.5 liter, 0.75 liter, and 1.0 liter (Vacu-Vin is based in the Netherlands) capacity and comes with a pump.
The Vaccuum marinater is 1.25 liter and comes with a pump also.
The interiors have a diameter of about 3 inches and all 3 lids are interchangable.
The interior lengths are 3-1/2 inch, 5 inches, and 6 inches.
While I have not tried it as a marinator my guess is the 1.0 liter would hold a 2 pound circular Boston roast.
Of course it could be used to marinate small objects such as chicken wings.
The Concerto pump won't work very well with the regular pump stoppers, so if you buy the Concerto pump, buy (extra) Concerto stoppers.
Before I purchased these food savers, I would marinate for 2-3 hours with a strongly flavored mariade.
A little marinade goes a long way with this product, so use the marinade sparingly (you will save money on the mariade).
The coffee saver is 0.75 liter also, so buy this set instead of the coffee saver.
As wine stoppers (the gray rubber cork element), these things are rather clever and seem to do their job rather well.
(THe $10 wine-cap package Amazon sells is worth the price!)But for long term food storage?  I'm not so sure on the efficacy of this device.
I had tested the vacuum ability by using marshmallows (okay, I actually used those gaudily colored Peeps).
They would expand to twice their normal size.
But upon leaving the marshmallowey Peep in a vacuum state for 2 hours, the Peep would slowly return to normal size.
Unfortunately, impatience is a virtue of mine so I'll just find another use for these canisters.
:-)I did one other test that's actually related to real food for once:  Meat marinating.
It is true that, in a vacuum, the pores of the animal tissues expand, allowing liquids to enter.
The same can be said of Peeps, if you care for marinated peeps.
Surprisingly, many people don't care for marinated peeps.
They're kinda squishy though it's amusing how they retain their shape.
Anyway, this thing does a doozy for marinating meet.
I threw in some chicken breasts and yummy lemon pepper marinade sauce, pumped the air out, and let them sit for an hour.
Whether or not the product is of high enough quality to last for years is something only time will tell.
The small container, I use for herbs and spices.
It'd be nice if they had larger containers for purchase.
I have had this for over a year.
It is used at least once daily, I personally grind about one nutmeg per week.
We bought this particular model because my microplane was just too messy for me to deal with in the morning.
So ours is kept in an extra pinch bowl like theseNorpro Silicone Mini Pinch Bowls, 4 Piece Set.
Then near the end of a nut, the spring kind of runs out of push leaving a small piece of nutmeg.
It is best to just toss that piece and start with a new nutmeg.Many people complain that this model just does not do the job.
I have occasionally thrown out nutmegs that just would not grind, it is the fault of the nutmeg being to old.
I fell in love with this nutmeg grinder years ago when one of my girl friends had one.
I was never able to find one and I forgot all about it until recently when viewing kitchen gadgets at the Williams Sonoma site.
I must admit I am a kitchen gadget queen and always looking for a new gadget that works to add to my collection.
This grinder makes it so easy to grind whole nutmegs.
I love how w/ just a twist I have fresh nutmeg in my foods & drinks.
Highly recommend this gadget if you use a lot of nutmeg in your foods.
I really liked the one I used at the local coffee shop, so I picked one up for the house.
Ours works wonderfully and have no problem with chunks or slipping.
The nutmeg that came with it seems fairly fresh, so maybe that's why.
I don't find it wasteful as we never would use the last of the nutmeg on the micro plane for fear of skinning my knuckle.
I love that this is made right here in Torrance, CA!.
I purchased one of these well over ten years ago, and it still works perfectly.
There are some things you need to know in order to get the best use out of this grinder:1.
The nutmegs you use MUST be fresh and hard.
If they are older and soft, the grinder will be much less effective and you will waste more of the nutmeg nut than you should.
With really soft nutmegs, you will have a mashed mess and little to no ground nutmeg.
You don't want to use old spices anyway, do you? If the nutmeg is fresh and hard, then the grinder works beautifully.
If you don't use a lot of nutmeg, buy the whole nuts in very small quantities.2.
Once you have used up a nutmeg, you will have a tiny sliver of nutmeg that won't grind.
Don't be tempted to put another nutmeg in on top of that sliver in an attempt to get every last bit out of it.
Instead, take out the sliver and toss it into your compost, then put in a new fresh nutmeg.3.
When you put a nutmeg in the hopper, only put one in.
Make sure that you *do* close it correctly and firmly, or it will spring open.
My friends are always fascinated by it and love trying it out just to see the soft little flakes of fragrant nutmeg.
:-) Also, because this is a manual grinder, it is very quiet.
This is a very convenient way to have fresh nutmeg.
A grater works well but so does this device.
I like the fact that the whole nutmeg and extras stay in the machine.
It works perfectly and is so very well made.
Held in the palm of my hand, this nutmeg grinder is a work of art.
Visualizing a hard twist, I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it is to turn while producing ground nutmeg falling onto one's oatmeal, for example.
It feels like a finely engineered product.As a user of whole nutmegs from Grenada, I had been grinding them in my Mr.
Thank you William & Bounds for producing a quality object.A Mr.
One can wish, and separate devices seems the practical way to go.
This heavy-duty pot is ideal for braising, when food must be first browned or seared on a stove top and then finished in an oven.
The cast iron gets quite hot on the stove top even when low heat is applied, and it cooks uniformly in the oven.
I have made a number of meals that I would not have tried without such a pot.
I strongly recommend using silicone potholders on the job, because the pot is heavy and retains heat.
You can make a bounty of a meal and take it from stove/oven to the table.
I agree with the other reviews on the quality, beauty etc.
This lets the flavors of your dish mix together beautifully and I have found more dimensions of taste when I cook this way.
It's also very good for searing meats and then slowly cooking it until it literally falls off the bone.
This pot will fit a double or even a triple recipe for spaghetti sauces and the like.
The oval shape allows a rectangular roast or whole chicken or two smaller hens to fit inside.
I recently purchased this incredible piece of Le Creuset cookware and, I have to say, I am very pleased and rather impressed by it.
Just removing it from its package, with its heavy weight and gorgeous colour, told me that this was a quality made product.
But the proof has been in the cooking..Thus far I have made a delicious chicken and vegetable dish and cooked preserves for canning.
Cleanup was easy after some soaking with warm soapy water.
This is my first, but not last, piece or Le Creuset for certain!.
Finally, I broke down and paid for this "French Oven" that to me is a dutch oven.
I did a lot of research before deciding to pay the "big bucks" for this pot.
At my age I could of bought a cheaper one to get me through the "golden years", but why would I shortchange myself.
The pot lives up to it's name and the reviews.
It is great and my husband who does not cook loves how the food tastes out of it.
He's always thinking of meals for me to cook in it but It does make cooking a lot more fun.Pros:  weightclean upeven cookingCons: weight.
I just got it today and havent cooked in it yet but the craftmanship is superb.
The color is better than in the picture whereby it is darker in color at the base then lightens up as it rises.
I agree with other reviewers  that you can leave it on the counter or stove top as a decoration.
The size is perfect for cooking a large chicken.
Brown your meat, then deglaze and make your sauce, braise, whatever.
I also love it for making stock or soups.Cooks evenly, even on a disgustingly old electric range.
don't even debate whether or not you should buy it.
i'm consistently amazed at how well food turns out after cooking in it.
after buying it i tend to use it in place of my all clad pieces.
Ah, the big red pot!  Every serious cook "must have" at least one, and this one is the perfect size.
Heavy, but GREAT cooking, easy cleanup...and it looks fabulous to boot.
I went to the local hardware store recently to pick up a package of light bulbs.
Virtually every trip I would always take a moment to lust over their Le Creuset collection.
Well this trip caught me a little off guard...most of their product line was 20% off (I guess they were going to discontinue selling it).
So I got the 6" in frying pan and the 3.5, 4.5, and 5.5 quart dutch ovens (not to mention the light bubs).
I had already had the large frying pan and used it often, and now I can make eggs at the same time as pancakes.
They are not as heavy as I thought they would be (that being said they are not light).
I find I use substantially less oil with these items versus my stainless ones.
This 5.5 quart size is perfect for making solid size stews and roasts.
It transitions perfectly between cook top braising and oven cooking.
And these are all so much easier to cleanup! And the red color is beautiful! What took me so long?.
The 7 1/4 qt French Oven has 5 3/4 inches headroom inside, 1 inch more than the Soup Pot.
The inside rim diameter is 11 inches, an additional 1/2 inch.
I know these pots are expensive and a small collection can easily cost as much as a desktop PC.
At  least Le Creuset pots don't need software updates and antivirus software, and they are not going to be obsolete in 5 years.
Have had several pieces for 15+ years and they all look new.
Food cooks evenly and this size in particular is great for dinner for 2 plus 2 nights of leftovers.
If you take care of Le Creuset cookware, you will be able to pass them down in your will.
If this hadn't been on sale for under $100, I wouldn't have gotten it.
I'd have given it 5 stars if it weren't so exorbitantly expensive.
I'm sure there are good Dutch ovens out there for less.
I recently braised short ribs with this and it turned out terrific.
With all of the different cooking utensils available out there, singling out a single pot or even a single brand smacks of hubris.
Having said that, my wife follows the scientific writing on the potential danger of chemical leaching into cooked foods from Teflon and all aluminum cookware.
First, I drizzle a little EVO in the bottom and turn on the gas.
Next, add a finely chopped onion and cook until the onions are transparent.
I also like to throw in a can of Rotel spicy chopped tomatoes and some garlic-press-crushed garlic (to taste).
Then I lower the heat a bit and place the lid on to ensure that everything gets cooked through and through.
Don't be afraid to lift the lid to taste.
Finally, gauge the amount of liquid that has cooked out and crack the lid to let moisture escape - as needed.
I wanted one of these after my favorite magazine "Cooks Illustrated":a.
made me aware of Dutch ovens and their uses, andb.
The porcelain-enamel surface makes it very easy to clean.
Recently got divorced and lost a lot of my household items.
For the most part, I sucked it up.
I would have raised a major stink, however, if my ex had tried to take my favorite pot ever.
This pot is the perfect size for regular batches of soup, stews, chili and the like.
The cast iron ensures an even and consistent temperature distribution.
That also makes it heavy to lift, especially when its full, but the two integral handles really help in that regard.
I have even started to fry and saute in this pot in order to minimize oil splattering all over my stove top.
Its just deep enough to make that feasible and not too deep so that you feel like you have to reach down awkwardly.
While the interior surface is not technically non-stick, the enamel is less "sticky" than stainless steel.
Its pretty hard to really burn something onto this pot.
So consider your color choices very carefully--you will be using and enjoying this pot (and its color) for the rest of your life.
Le Creuset is a reputable, high quality brand.
It has a naturally smooth surface, even heat distribution, durability, and doesn't absorb odors.
It's one of the most versatile cookware you will ever own.
It's microwave, stove top, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, and freezer safe.
You can make anything from soup to a pot roast in the oven.
Buying this may also eliminate the need to buy a roasting pan, which is great for apartments.
It's pricey, but it also comes with a lifetime warranty.
You have none of these problems with this Dutch Oven.
The knob did loosen over time, but a simple screwdriver can correct that.
I've been a homemaker for 45 years and have many different pots and pans.
The price was an impediment to picking up this fantastic oven but I finally invested.Wow.
Cleanup is a snap.One word of caution - read the directions first.
I cannot recommend this highly enough - bon appetit!.
It pained me to spend this much for a pot, but I don't regret it a bit now.
A French stew that burned the last time I made it in my Calphalon dutch over came out perfect with this thing.
And, after 2 1/2 hours in the over, it required no soaking for clean up and had no staining whatsover.
This is my go-to pot for soup or stew.
It lets me cook on low heat for hours without hot spots, if I control the flame properly on the stove.
I think this is the most-used pot in my kitchen.
I can't add to all the glowing praise but perhaps I can help you make a decision about size.
I have baked bread, fried, deep fried, stewed, braised, and boiled in this pot.
I have a bigger pot and a smaller one, but this one gets used almost every day.
If you are wanting to upgrade to this product line, this size is the one to start with.
If I had only one pot in my kitchen this would be it.
Place it in the oven at 375 degrees and when the potatoes are tender, you will have a tender and tasty pot roast.
It is also great with sauces on the stove top and the ability to hold a steady heat is invaluable.
It is also beautiful (I love the red) and it is durable.
Short of dropping it on stone, it is tough to harm.
Cookware like this is an investment in the future, you will never replace it, but you will add on to your collection.
Well, let me assure you, it's money well spent.
I was also amazed at how beautifully it cleaned up.
All it needed was a quick hand washing and it looked just like new.
Now I want a whole kitchen full of Le Creuset!.
There are only 2 of us, but this is a perfect size for making large batches of soups and roasting meat.
YOu can make everything in one pot and it all cooks evenly and turns out great.
Unless you are a family of more than 6 people, this is definately big enough.
The size is large, so beware, it is heavy even empty.
I use this French oven for so many recipes - including a bunch of "one pot" meals.
The size is perfect for a family meal and is a breeze to clean up.
From stovetop to oven to table, this pot is fabulous.
I have several pieces of Le Creuset and have always been more than satisfied with same.
The only reason I had to order another French Oven, was, my daughter &#34;borrowed&#34; my first & keeps forgetting to return it.
For cookware to last a life-time, buy these wonderful products!.
Anyone serious about Cooking should have at least one cast iron pot and Le Creuset is the best quality available today.
An iron pot takes longer to heat up than say stainless steel or aluminum but it holds heat longer than either.
It was round, shaped like a cake but it was delicious.
I got this pot as a gift and am absolutely thrilled to own it.
The flame color is gorgeous and matches the flame stoneware items I already own.
I've never cooked with cast iron before, and there is definitely a difference.
It's cumbersome because it's so heavy and takes forever to cool down, but the enamel cleans right up without too much work.
You hear about people who have owned their le creuset pots for decades, and I'm pretty sure that's going to be me some day!.
This is, hands down, the absolute best piece of kitchen equipment in the world.
I use this pot more than any other.
I've had it for two years now and there isn't a single scratch or mark on the thing.
This holds heat spectacularly well and is so even.
You can use this on absolutely the worst cooking surface and everything will still cook evenly.
If you're wary about the price, don't be.
My mom has one that she's had over 25 years and it still looks and acts almost brand new.
She inherited one from her great-aunt that's much older and it's STILL in great shape.
It's safe to put this pot in the oven as well.
You can burn the nastiest crud to the bottom of this and it will still come out perfectly clean with barely more than a wipe.
That said, you will rarely be in a situation where something will cook badly in this pot.
Like I said, it heats very evenly, is perfectly non-stick, and just generally holds heat like a small oven.
If you splurge on one thing in your kitchen, don't buy a new stove, buy this pot.
You will use it almost every time you cook.
Even though the size it good, I rarely cook for more than two people and the size is still perfect.
It's even pretty enough to stay out on your stovetop for "storage" instead of hiding in a cabinet.
I can't say enough good things about this.
The giftees are very happy with the it.
Oh wow, we would be totally lost in the kitchen without our Le Creusette French oven.
It is so very well made, and almost magical in the sense that everything we've ever cooked in it came out so good.
It's not non-stick, but it doesn't have to be.
This pot is perfect for that, and while some food will stick to the bottom, it is always easy to clean with a scotchbright pad.
Even just tonight, I took some baby potatoes and threw them in the pot with some olive oil and butter.
That said though, Le Creuset cookware is the best, and every household should have at least one decent sized French oven like this.
I already own two 6 quart cast-iron dutch ovens but I wanted a larger one.
When a non-oily stew boiled over in the oven (and baked on), the exterior cleaned up in seconds with a plastic brush.
I thought this was going to cost me hours in clean up time.3.
Due to limited storage, I leave it on the stove and it brightens up the room.4.
Cast-iron cookware require a lot of work to get them properly seasoned and now it cleans as easily as Teflon.
Many people can't properly season cast-iron cookware which is why you often see cast-iron cookware at garage sales selling for pennies on the dollar.6.
The cast-iron dutch oven has no enamel -- it can never chip.
One of my cast-iron dutch ovens is over 100 years old and will be in the same exact condition in the next hundred years.
Will a Le Creuset be able to stand that test of time?  The answer is yes.
Even with using wooden and plastic stirring utensils, the interiors are all scratched and the outside is hideously ugly and impossible to clean.
Had I known that I wouldn't have bought this size pot (but most people would find 11 1/4 way too heavy and big).
I wanted a larger pot so that I can make enough for left-overs.
I bought the 11 1/4 quart pot from W&S.;  It's huge, heavy and expensive but I can now freeze the left-overs for easy quick meals.
Since the preparation for the meals takes as much time for a small pot or a giant pot, I can save some time.
Can someone please tell me how I did without this French oven until I was 30?  Please?  I use it for everything now.
The surface is basically non-stick, but I still get good browning on my meats and onions.
I bought the oven-safe knob, so it goes in the oven, too.
I would definitely have this pot on my list of kitchen essentials, right next to my Kitchen Aid mixer.
If you don't have one yet, suck it up and buy one.
I know they're expensive, but this is one of those things you pull out and give to your grandchildren.
I had seen these pots in action on all of the cooking shows, so I figured they were serious cookware.
After careful consideration I finally purchased the seven quart dutch oven, in the cherry red color.
This size is perfect to make enough stew for my whole family, and the cooking qualities of this pot are just as they are billed.
It browned the stew meat, deglazed beautifully, heated evenly, and went right in the oven for the final cooking phase.
After dinner I was thrilled to see that Le Creuset's  cast-iron cookware cleans just as easily as their stoneware line.
Although this pot is VERY heavy, the benefits of cast iron far outweigh this &quot;downside&quot;.
I should have bought one of these pots years ago and I recommend one to anyone who loves to cook as I do.
Ouch is this stuff expensive! But rarely do you get a product that does exactly what you expect it to do.
It cleans up so easy, cooks everything so perfectly.
I love the damn thing.If you have the cash you must have one - and this is the perfect size.
Some of the advantages of the even distrubution produced by this pot is that your food will cook evenly.
This makes it an excellent choice for roasts, soups, and stews.
You can do most everything inside this pot.
The only thing I have left to do is to deepfry.
I have a feeling that will work out as well.
If you are considering starting a collection I can't think of a more utilitarian pot to start with than this one.
Le Creuset really does live up to the quality that you think that they have.
That's probably the biggest difference between these and my beloved Lodge cast iron cookware.
As with any cast iron cookware, they are NOT indestructible.
The enamel will chip if you abuse it.
Even Lodge recommends not dropping their stuff.Bottom line, if you can afford it, you should get at least one of these.
For better or worse we live near a Le Creuset outlet store.
They, from time to time, have sales on a particular color.
We got this in Rosemarry which apparently was only sold in Japan and Australia.
I couldn't resist adding this to our collection.
It is one of my more favorite items.There are a few great things about Le Creuset that make the cost worthwhile to me.
No worries about chemicals outgassing and/or a finish flaking off.
They literally last forever or at least a lifetime or two.
And since you use them at medium or medium low heat I have found it is almost impossible to burn something.
You can overcook it and dry it out, but hey it won't be burned as well.This particular pan works well on a single burner.
I get 4 burgers from a 1lb or less of meat to fit.
And there are pour spouts on either side.
Ours seems to be easier to clean than other pans we have with the same finish.
One 'trick' with these pans is the first few times you use it, grill items with a high fat content, like 80% ground.
The fat will start to coat the finish.
I do not ever season the black satin.
The website says not to, I trust the website.
In any case a little soaking with water and these are good to go.Excellent results with steaks, fish, chicken, and veggies.
I've had this grill for almost 9 years and it's as good, if not better, than the day I got it.
The first time we cooked hotdogs I was amazed they actually had a bit of a smokey flavor like you would get on the grill.
This item isn't the easiest to clean up, but what grill items are, but thanks to Alton Brown it's much easier now.
Put some salt down into the pan before you place the meat in the pan and the clean up is pretty easy.
We have about 20 pieces and this is one of our favourites.
I gave this red grill pan as a gift.
I have had a blue one for about 3 years and I love it.
I have used it to grill steaks, chicken and fish.
It makes really nice grill marks on the food and you can cook to your desired level of doneness.
Invest in a plastic cleaning brush for cleaning.
Cleaning is easy - just follow the instructions that came with the pan.
My oval grill pan is used for chicken, veggies, grilled clams, and beef.
She would have loved this enameled cast iron beauty that leaves appetizing sear marks on meat - a char effect without the mess.
We lightly applied vegetable oil to the ribs before our first use, and for several times thereafter.
Since then there has been no need for the addition of oils.
Had the Le Creuset grill press, which I used on a griddle for cooking bacon.
Wanted to make grilled cheese, but didn't like how it turned out on the griddle.
This Le Creuset skillet grill pan allows for a crispy sandwich without burning.
Big enough to make four sandwiches if using normal-sized sandwich bread.
Try chipotle gouda cheese with tomatoes, bacon, Monterey jack cheese & turkey, or avocado, bacon and swiss cheese!.
Once with marinade and once with dry seasoning.
This is unlike aluminium pans which cool quickly once the application of heat reduces or ceases.You need to take this into account.Here are my tips:1.
Pre- heat the pan to a medium heat2.
Apply a small amount of oil- canola or olive oil are suitable in my experience- to the cooking surface3.
I recently purchased this cast iron skillet for the amazing sale price of under $60 (thank you Amazon!).
It had been on my wish list for well over a year, and I was thrilled to see it listed at such a great price.
I have been very happy with it's performance thus far.This is my fourth piece of Le Creuset cast iron cookware.
The colored enamel is deep, rich, and truly stunning.I found that grilling with this pan did take some practice.
My first few attempts ended with lots of food stuck to the grill.
A huge part of that was because I didn't use enough oil in the beginning.
After liberally applying oil, heating, then oiling again before adding the food, I avoided a lot of sticking issues.
Now that I have some base oils on the pan, I need to apply less oil during each cooking application.
Also, I found myself repeating a common cast iron cooking error - I was trying to flip the food before it was ready.
Once the food had time to create a nice brown color, it released easily.
Let your food guide your timing, and don't rush it!I can finally enjoy grilled food in my apartment.
Lamb chops/burgers and buffalo burgers come out perfect.
It is a little work to clean, but not bad for a grill pan.
I heat up the pan a little and wipe it with paper towels before washing.
I love this little indoor grill!  It creates beautiful grill lines on anything from fish to veggies.
We often cook sausages, hot dogs and hamburgers in it as well.
Anbody that has ever cooked with cast Iron .or on A Grill , this will brink both of those methodsin one piece of Equioment.
It's size lends itself well to a side dish cooked for a family of 5.
If you don't mind paying 3x-5x the cost of most newer brands of enamelware, it's a one time purchase and you won't be disappointed.
If ANYTHING goes wrong with this enamelware under normal use, the manufacturer will replace it entirely, like they promise with all of their enamelware.
Le Creuset is the only company that uses the type of multiple-enameling process over cast iron that it is known for.
Not only are Le Creuset products beautiful, they are well designed and extremely durable.
I get so many compliments about my unique cookware.Trust me, you'll be delighted if you purchase the Heart Casserole!!.
My husband bought this for me on our first wedding anniversary almost 3 years ago and I never used it until yesterday (Christmas Day).
I just displayed it because it was so pretty and special.
I decided to try it out and absolutely loved the way it cooked and felt.
I can't beleive I've had it for this long without using it.
I'm ASHAMED! Lol! I know my husband was happy to see that I used it.
I will use it all the time now...I just wanted to recommend it to anyone thinking about getting it.
Every Valentine's Day I HAVE to find something to cook & serve in this pot.
And as with all Le Creuset products, it's both beautiful and a pleasure to cook with.
This LeCreuset casserole is cast iron with an enamel coating on the outside that is manufactured in France.
The pots are made using a sand mold, which are destroyed after each use.
It is heavy, weighing in at around seven pounds.
Casseroles come out beautifully baked, and baking heart-shaped cakes in it is suggested.
Even Jello turns out looking wonderful using this pan.
this pot is my favorite heart theme as that is the theme of my decor,though i love it anyway.
it is a retirement anniversary gift from my husband.
and we are semi retired .it is the right size for me as i need lighter things now a days.
I bought this little casserole for my daughter, and I liked it so much I bought one for me.
The size is small enough for a casserole for a two-person household like mine, or a rice or bread pudding.
Great gift for yourself or others.The only downside is that cast iron pans with enamel coverings are at risk for chipping.
My pot came with little rubber separators that suspand the lid above the pot.
Don't know if it was the French manufacturer or the shipping source, but keep up the good work.
There is no need to use the old plastic peanuts.
If the corn starch peanuts work with a heavy pan, they will work with anything.
I have collected all of Le Creuset's fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles.
In my 40+ years of cooking these casseroles are at the top of my list for beauty and functionality.
The color that they can add to a kitchen brightens every vist there.
The exterior and interior enamel coating is very durable and easy to clean.
I have cooked a multitude of dishes in these casseroles and have found them to be excellent in heat conduction and preventing "hot spots".
There is no enamel on these rims and they can rust if not dried immediately after hand washing.
They are dishwasher safe but I do recommend that you hand wash and dry immediately.
Be really careful!Finally, closely inspect your casserole when it arrives.
My first garlic casserole had a two inch crack in the enamel.
I commend them for standing behind the products they sell.
I own several pieces of this cookware (one was my grandmothers and it's still going strong).
This piece I've owned for about 8 years and it's used several times per week.
It still looks great (and I cheat and put it in the dishwasher sometimes).
If you want cookware that lasts a life time then Le Creuset is for you.
The pieces are of course heavy and sometimes hard to handle due to the weight but it's never stopped me from adding to my collection.
I bought this particular pot way back in 1996 and have used it since.
Now that the kids are grown and gone it gets used a lot.
It earns its space in my pot collection every day by being so darn dependable.
A sweet someone surprised me by buying me this charming heart-shaped pan when browsing in a Le Creuset store in Maine.
I had had my eye on it for some time, but  I had thought it might not be practical for cooking.
I was wrong! I use this pan to fix delicious casseroles for special occasions, such as for a Valentine's Day dinner for two.
This  cherry red Le Creuset 2-Quart Heart Casserole and bright red Chantal Teakettle are my favorite kitchen accessories.
After dreaming of this heart shaped Le Creuset for a long time, I finally took the plunge and bought one.
Like most others, I was sorry that I waited so long to try it!  It is an amazing little pan, and well worth the money.
I use it frequently to cook for two, and it is the perfect size.
It is definitely not a family size dish, but a nice size for a small casserole.
I have cooked small roasts, swiss steaks, homemade pasta sauce, etc.
It is very easy to clean, and I simply can't imagine putting this beauty in the dishwasher!.
Of all the 2 quart Le Creuset specialty pieces (pumpkin, tomato, etc.) this was the one that caught my eye.
You cannot look at it without smiling and just feeling good.
As far as actually using it, it has all the wonderful qualities for which Le Creuset is so well-known.
Whether on the stove or in the oven, you'll love the even heating and the smooth enamel finish.
When it's time to serve on the table, it becomes a conversation piece as well.
At 2 quarts, it's a great size for small recipes.
Clean up is fast and easy.So, beauty and function in a quality piece of cookware, and all for a reasonable price.
I'm now collecting casserole recipes to make in this.
I would have paid more for it probably and I know how silly that is.
But all this cookware is such fun and this one was absolutely the ultimate.
It's so worth the money.It's shiney slick and nothing sticks to it and it cleans up in a few minutes with soapy water.
After my five quart lime green Le Creuset pot this is my favorite.
I went mad when I first saw this amazing cassarole.
Fans of the other shaped le creusets will love this beauty.
Unlike the heart and shamrock designs, the pumpkin has a more realistic 3D shape.
But what really  impressed me was the daring offset handle on the lid.
Genius! Of course,  the shaped cassaroles have the same high quality of all of the le creuset  pieces.
I use mine mostly for stovetop dishes that finish in the oven.
I have collected all of Le Creuset's fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles.
This was the first one that I bought and I have used it the most.
The color that they can add to a kitchen brightens every vist there.
The exterior and interior enamel coating is very durable and easy to clean.
I have cooked a multitude of dishes in these casseroles and have found them to be excellent in heat conduction and preventing "hot spots".
There is no enamel on these rims and they can rust if not dried immediately after hand washing.
They are dishwasher safe but I do recommend that you hand wash and dry immediately.
Be really careful!Finally, closely inspect your casserole when it arrives.
My first garlic casserole had a two inch crack in the enamel.
I commend them for standing behind the products they sell.
This beautiful piece is one of my favorite Le Creuset cast iron fruits.
Induction and  Sunpentown (also a favorite quality item).
The cast iron is super-efficient and an energy saver.
200-300 watts on the induction is all it takes and their heat in about 3 seconds.
These are heirloom items and will pass down to your children.
I also have the apple, pepper and tomato.
Nothing like having something so durable and useful that also adds to the color of your kitchen and appetite at the table.
Wash gently by hand after a short soak.
When no room to display I store in the orig sturdy box with a towel under the inverted lid.
This prevents the seam/seal from rusting or chipping.
A brief soak in bleach water removes interior stains, although not sure if this is allowable over the long haul.
Get an inexpensive small round Le Creuset for practice on use and care.
Le Creuset enamelware is worth the extra cost over the cheaper cast iron imitations.
It is very thin wall, made of virgin high quality cast iron, hand finished and very even heating.
I bought this Pumpkin casserole from Amazon back in 2002 and it's still one of my favorites.
It's so attractive and well-crafted you'll smile every time you use it.
I do not think there is a better way to sample this product line than through the fun casserole pots.
They are reasonably priced, much cheaper than the standard 2 quart casserole, and still carries the same quality.
These are extremely heavy pans that distribute the heat evenly though what you are cooking.
I like the pumpkin for the fall cooking, I also purchased the tomato as well for summer and other seasonal cooking.
This is great for a pot luck, I promise you will be able to identify your dish, and it just flat out looks attractive.
You will enjoy this pot for many years to come.
If you want this one get it soon!.
yes this is great on the stove top.
The chili that comes out of this tastes better than the same recipe in different pots.
I find it great for roasting meats like whole poultry or braising a leg of lamb, too.It is big, but very useful and versatile.
If I had to keep ONE pot in my kitchen collection, this would be it.
The generous size makes a great pot for large family/friends gatherings.
The Le Creuset 7 1/4-quart Bouillabaisse pot is a wonderful addition to any home cook's collection of speciality cookware.
It is also a good pot for gumbo.
The Bouillabaisse pot can be brought directly to the table for serving.
I place mine on a matching Le Creuset trivet.
Clean-up is so easy because the pot is enamel-coated.
I hand-wash mine, but the pot is also dishwasher-safe.
You will love this pot and find many uses for it!.
I've had mine for over 10 years and it's the go-to for any soup or stew.
The wide top reduces and concentrates flavors amazingly fast.
The ability to be able to quickly reduce down to the desired consistency is really more valuable than you think.
If you throw in too much liquid, you don't need to worry about ladling out.
You don't need to worry about the dish burning while you reduce it.
Le Creuset makes this same pot in three sizes, Staub has it's version:  they're all great--because the concept is terrific.
This is the biggest one, the real deal, a pot that can do it all.
I thought it could be much more multipurpose than that--and I took a chance.
You should, too.Compared to stockpots, it fits the bill for me.
As a dutch oven or cocotte, it's impeccable.
It can braise, simmer, and go in the oven with the best of them, and feed everyone at a major event.
Make no mistake about it, this thing is humongous.
32 centimeters wide, 17 pounds empty, and about THIRTY pounds full.
The small bottom diameter makes it easy to sweat onions, celery, and carrots to start out a soup or stew recipe.
Once you've added the liquid, the tapered sides will reduce the dish quickly.
It's a wonderful addition to any serious kitchen.
Soup is the satisfying dish that can be made in any kitchen, and in any country.
On the other hand, Chioppino, the San Francisco favorite, a Genoese fish stew, originally made from small whole fish.
- Don't forget to use pasta water, a restaurant "secret" - that frugal traditional housewife's broth that revived the spirit of early chioppinos and minestrone.
The oven-to-table pan also accommodates a whole chicken and many vegetables, enough to serve six persons.
The boiling causes the fat to emulsify with the liquid in an irreversible chemical event.
Too much agitation of the stock will also create a tendency towards murky soup stock.
If you are serious about fondue, this is a great set.
The cast iron holds the heat well enough and heats evenly enough to actually make good cheese fondue.
This is the gold standard in fondue pots.
I find it difficult to make a proper traditional Swiss or French fondue in the electric pots because they don't heat evenly.
I've traveled with this pot when I'm going to make fondue elsewhere.
This is an attractive well made product as all Le Creuset products seem to be.
It is heavy and the pot fits snuggly in its base which is a plus to prevent tipping.
I would like it better if the flame would adjust a bit lower but it may be that I haven't quite figured it out yet.
I also like that this product doesn't have a plug which gives me more options as to where it can be used, inside or out.
Le Creuset never lets me down - beautiful color, quality and even heating.
I only wish it was bigger with more forks for more friends.
Can be used for either a cheese or meat fondue.
I've used 6 different styles of fondue pot.
Because it's made of cast iron, scorching is minimized.
This is my first piece of Le Creuset and I have to admit, it's wonderful! Well made, heavy pot with a thick enamel coating.
I made a pot of chicken & dumplings in it and it heated perfectly - no scorched or burnt sections.
Love this thing - owned it a year now - has great heft and balance and easy to clean.
Good cooking tip.I make pasta and soup in it, boil potatoes and I've even browned meats in it.
Perfect size.Get it online like at Amazon for a better  price than at the store.
With my induction cooktop, this is a great pot for cooking all kinds of pasta noodles.
It is tall enough even for long lasagna noodles, but light weight enough to drain with little effort.It is also relatively easy to clean.
Nice size for soup stocks or stews or simply cooking pasta.
Love the red because its bright and crisp.
We cook stew and freeze it in separate freezer bowls.
I love this brand and this color and I had another one already in a smaller size.
I have used this stockpot a few times now - it works very well.
The peeling label does not appear to be affecting the enamel so I have not contacted the company.
This stockpot is not enamel-coated cast iron like the Le Creuset pots and pans, but the colors are identical.
It heats up very quickly in comparison, too.
Soups, stews, and stocks cook well in this pot because the lid is tight-fitting.
I would like it for a second stock pot in this size.
It's also tall and narrow, which is great for cooking spaghetti, soups, stew, jambalaya, rice and beans, and so on.
It also looks great; the color is vibrant, and the design is nice.
It seems very solid and durably made, too.
After 7 years of regular use, ours is still going strong.Note that this is NOT a non-stick pot.
All of the people complaining in the reviews complain that food sticks to the pot.
What were they expecting? It's not a &#34;non-stick&#34; pot, so you can't expect nothing to ever stick to it.
This is how your grandma cooked in the olden days.If you know how to cook with normal pots, this is a great pot.
They don't last nearly as long, because the (toxic) non-stick coating scratches easily and begins to flake off after a while, going into your food.
If you're willing to put in the effort, this pot will reward you with many years of service.
I LOVE anything Le Creuset and this stockpot was not a disappointment.
The color is lovely, I got it in Caribbean, and just the right size for two :-)  It is nice quality and not too heavy.
Pot was in original "store" box, within another larger box, surrounded by large plastic 'pillows'.Pot is in perfect condition.
Color is vibrant and actually is somewhat ombre.
Goes from darker to lighter as it rides up the pot.Actually very pretty and professional looking.
You can see the coloring better if you look at the photo that has the pot on the stove.
That is the TRUE coloring, but a bit more red, not rust colored.
But also not the bright cherry red in the single pot photo.Heavy for it's size and the lid fits well.
No scratches or blobs or mars.Haven't cooked with it yet because it's actually for my daughter's first dorm/apartment.
But she appreciates the fact that this is a nice pot, made by a good company that she will probably keep many years.
Note though that this is not a big pot for boiling pasta or making soup for a large family.
Perfect for people who cook for themselves only, or for a few people.
I do enjoy its lighter weight and it  lives up to the high esthetic standards set by Le Creuset.
I have this stock pot and I love it.
It isn't cast iron nor does it say it is.
I don't expect cast iron cooking but I really like it for gumbo, soup, etc.
I have had no problem cleaning it or with the enamel chipping.
I cook alot and I would recommend it to people who know how to use it.
I bought this pot to replace a similar style Caphalon pan.
I am really happy with this pan on the whole.
It is light weight which is nice when you have to boil a lot of water.
It cleans very easily and so far it has remained scratch free.
My one problem with this pot is my bamboo steam baskets do not fit on it, terribly sad for how often I use it.
I am going to look for new wider bamboo baskets however because this pot rocks that much!.
Ever since my girlfriend gave me her le Creuset casserole pan I'm sold on this product.
It bakes wonderfully even and cleans off with sponge and a little soapy water.
The best thing about this is that food doesn't stain the inside.
It's a generous size, and looks fairly elegant for a casserole dish!.
I have several Le Creuset products and they work so well in cooking.
I needed a larger baking dish for Christmas dinner this year and I order this on Amazon.
It worked great as do all Le Creuset products.
This item is a great size and quality.
It worked really well for my holiday meals.
That person must have gotten the back luck of a packer who just did not care, just wanted to get it out fast.
I'm a true Longaberger fan, but since they're getting out of control on their prices lately, I thought I'd try something else.
This piece by far is the ONLY piece of pottery that I've found that can stand up to Longaberger's quality.
This dish cleans beautifully and holds a nice-sized lasagna.
I'm very, very happy with it and only wish I'd found the Le Creuset brand before now.
Grab this dish - it will quickly become your favorite!  I love the color!.
I purchased this item based on the good reviews.
I was primarily interested in purchasing an attractive dish.
The red dish looks great -- perfect for oven-to-table use.
It was a pleasant surprise to find that food turns out so much better than with the Pyrex I was using.
We purchased this large rectangular baking dish and it is superb in form and function.
In other words no scrubbing elbow grease required in our experience using this piece for several months now.
No complaints about the price, about $45 since it functions so well.
At Thanksgiving we used this baker to feed a large crowd a cold cranberry  walnut dessert so it is not just for baking.
We are so happy with them we are going to replace all our glass pyrex baking dishes.
Never disappointing, Le Creuset's versatile white pitcher is perfect for ice water, flavored waters and iced tea.
I also plan on using it for sangria.
Love it so much I leave it out on the counter when we're not using it as it's so colorful.
Feels sturdy and well constructed, but not too heavy.
This pitcher is a beautiful color and very functional.
I also have the larger size of this pitcher in cherry.
Heavy duty pitcher, will keep beverages cold for quite sometime after setting on the table.
Of course this is a beautiful pitcher and I am going to assume if you're buying Le Creuset, you are very familiar with this item.
It's heavy weight, gorgeous in color, extremely well made.
What I want to emphasize here is the packaging.
This 2 quart LC pitcher arrived in perfect condition and was packed expertly.
The box was the right size, corrugated and plenty of cushioning to prevent damage.
It will make a lovely addition to your collection and deserves a prominent place in your kitchen for display.
I would have loved it in Dijon but the cherry red is vibrant and beautiful.
You won't be disappointed and knowing how well it's handled should ease your mind about sending it as a gift.
Used as a vase filled with red roses, you'll find you can't keep your eyes off it & roses will never have looked prettier.
I received my pitcher a little over a week ago.
I can not believe how beautiful this pitcher is - it is a work of art.
It looks absolutely stunning sitting on my kitchen counter.
I will soon be buying another one and perhaps a couple for gifts.
I could not be happier with my purchase.
This is my first pitcher from Le Creuset and I was over the moon with this item.
Glorious color, craftmanship and great value for the money.
Will collect several more colors - also makes a great gift.
Wished it was made in France instead of Thailand, but thats globalization for you!.
The pitcher was larger than I was expecting and would be great either for serving beverages or to hold a flower arrangement.
This is just a great, old fashion pitcher.
Color is beautiful and I love the shape.
This is a beautiful and decorative addition to any kitchen.
It makes a great flower vase!  See the customer photo.
We just received this in as a gift for a relative and we're very happy with it.
The coloring matches the dijon yellow of other Le Creuset pieces.
I was nervous that the yellow would be too dark but it is not.
It is a very bright yellow at the top that gradually becomes more golden towards the bottom.
The pitcher is very heavy (which we don't mind) and looks to be made very well.
The only disappointment to us is that it only said "Le Creuset" on the on the bottom where it is not visible.
I expected the name to be stamped somewhere more visible but that is okay.
We are excited to give this as a gift for Christmas! :-).
I bought this pitcher in the Cherry color to match my Le creuset collection.
The pictures online make it seem like it's smaller than it is.
I was surprised when I opened the box.
:) All in all very happy with this purchase.
If you like le creuset products this one's a must have!!!.
After buying the Honey Pot from this company I saw that they also sold a pitcher which looked perfect for my needs.
I got the white one and frankly it is attractive enough that I am looking for somewhere to leave it other than in a cabinet.
The size is perfect for my needs and should hold enough drink (even margaritas)to supply a party of four amply.
I was impressed enough that I went to the company web site to see if there was another product they made that I could use.
The quality and design (nice handle size) were good enough to be as close to a perfect find for me as I can hope for.
We use this to serve ice water at meals.
It is a pretty piece that just looks great on the table.
We have two, one for each end of the table.
It's a great jar, haven't got too much to say, it's a Le Creuset wit hall it's beautiful and quality.
I ordered this for a variety of reasons: 2.
I love LeCrueset and collect what I can in the Dijon color 2.
I like to hostess events at my house and love to serve beverages out of pretty pitchers and 3.
I am a fanatic for pitchers and collect various ones, from the antique to the more practical.
I had been thinking of getting this pitcher for some time and had read various reviews of how pretty the LeCrueset pitchers were.
I am planning to have the girls over for a little get together and so I finally decided to spend the money.
The only thing I do not like about this relatively plain pitcher is its price.
It seems to be a little hefty, but then LeCrueset items are.
On the flip side, the items last forever so you do get your money's worth in the end.
The color on this is graduated with the upper part of the jar being a lighter yellow than the bottom.
The top is actually a dark yellow and the bottom is a pretty mustard color.
For those of us who need this sevice, the tag that comes with it says it will go from the feezer to the oven.
So I gather the Sangria or Iced Tea will go from the fridge to the hot Arizona afternoon heat.
The pitcher will probably end up with dried flowers for spring or autumn in it, as well as its functional use.
The pitcher is a nicer, ricer color than I could have hoped for and was delivered all in one piece.
If you like yellow, I think you will also like this.
This Le Creuset 2-Quart Pitcher will be a collector's item someday.
I use mine along with my collection of Bauer bowls when I set up an informal picnic buffet.
Because it is nonreactive, this pitcher is great for serving juices and sangria.
I would love to have it in every color!.
This is a beautiful pitcher; it looks wonderful in my kitchen and even looks good with flowers in it.
The pitcher keeps the drinks hot for quite a while.Be aware that, when full of liquid, this thing feels like it weighs a ton.
I like the color but the price is high.
It is made well and brings a lot of style to my kitchen.
The cream colored inside shows dirt, which means it is easy to make sure that you have it clean before storing it.
It looks exactly the same as the picture.
Yet as a pitcher, it is actually a bit heavy to use.
It takes me a while to get used to its weight.
The color goes from darker to more vivid at the top.
Have used it consistently and it is very durable.
I purchased the picture to replace a glass one that I broke when I poured hot tea in it!  :(.
Soon as i received it I washed it and made a nice picture of tea.
I just pour from the side like all the restaurants do and problem solved!  It is nice and heavy.
I like that a lot!  Very thick pottery.
I will be ordering another one!  I like sweet tea my husband likes unsweet tea!  Definitely need two of these awesome pictures!.
This pitcher is perfect for making iced tea -- brew the hot tea; let it cool; straight to fridge.
But I got tired of all the discolored poly pitchers and decided that it was okay to sacrifice lightness for the heftiness of this pitcher.
And the pitcher is good looking, too!  Five stars.
This is a beautifully designed pitcher and the colors and color blend is wonderful.
They have a wonderful and comfortable "heft" about them.
Due to this thickness and this density of material, these pitchers keep things you want cool, cool and those things you want hot, hot.
Now do be aware that this is not one of those pitchers with a broad, broad lip; you know.
the kind that you can pour massive amounts of liquid from without spillage.
It is attractive and does the job I pay it to do.
This little steamer looks so simple and harmless, it's hard to believe that it has become my single favorite kitchen appliance.
I use it 50 to 100 times a year.
Easy to use, easy to clean, reliable, does a great job, looks good, and doesn't cost too much.
Makes pretty good rice (effortlessly) and excellent steamed foods such as veggies, dumplings, or Chinese-style steamed buns.
If you are into healthy cooking and/or Asian cooking, you won't go wrong with this steamer.
When I read that someone had said this little steamer had become the most useful appliance in their kitchen, I was skeptical.
And in truth, it wasn't the kind of appliance I'd ever thought I'd buy.
But up it popped in my Gold Box.
Success followed success, and now I'm hooked.This is a great little machine -- simple, yet versatile, and easy to clean.
Black and Decker has really done this one right.
I bought this a few months ago at a time when I was really planning on eating healthily.
But two weeks ago I again wanted to start eating a lot more vegetables, so I used my steamer for the first time.
IT IS GREAT! It makes eating veges so much easier.
You have to play with the timer a little, I find the recommendations make the veges a little too mushy.
It's especially useful when I'm making a big thing of stir-fry.
I really need this with eggplant cause there's nothing I hate biting into more than an undercooked eggplant (okay maybe a worm).
I also use it with onions when I wnat to carmelize them.
If I'm just going to eat asparagus, you just pop 'em in there and forget about it until it dings.
Used it for corn on the cob, that worked great.
One more thing it's good for, heating up rice/rice dishes.
I don't own a microwave ...and reheating rice has been very difficult.
It's very easy to use and makes great rice.
I just received this steamer a few days ago and have already used it numerous times.
As a matter of fact, I can see it becoming my most useful, and used, kitchen item, aside from my coffeemaker.
It's user friendly and the foods that I have cooked thusfar are not only healthy but very flavorful.
I would recommend this steamer to anyone and the fact that it offers a healthy alternative is merely a plus.
It works like a charm! Used it many years now.
Steams wantons, fish , chicken and veggies like a dream.
But i guess it should do a good job.
This is just one of those things every kitchen should have.
It is large, so works best for families.
We just gave it away and bought a smaller one, now that the kids have left home, but unbelievable that it still works perfectly!.
I primarily use my steamer for vegetables such as asparagus, brussels sprouts, green beans, carrots, red potatoes, and corn on the cob.
I also agree with the previous reviewer who states that this appliance is a snap to clean.
In most cases all it needs is a thorough rinsing under very hot water and then a wipe down.
One day when my Sweetie came over he had this steamer tucked under his arm and a look of uncertainty on his face.
We unpacked it from the box, plugged it in and have enjoyed better veggies and fluffier rice ever since.
Everything comes out perfect with vibrant color, and just the right texture and all of the flavor! No more pale, limp broccoli.
Often we'll steam shrimp as an appetizer to munch on while we prepare the meal.
just toss in some veggies and in a few minutes you're done.
Try a sprig of rosemary or thyme, or a bit of taragon, oregano, cilantro or basil.
This rice cooker/steamer is large enough to cook rice for my growing family of six.
It also steams enough corn-on-the-cob for the whole family.
It is easy to use and is used almost daily in my house.
I cannot imagine what these people are doing to this thing saying it bogs down with a little pressure.
My wife and I like to juice frequently, and occasionally reboot with a good 3-5 day juice fast.
This Black and Decker CJ525 juicer makes those tasks a whole lot easier.
That's where this little handy dandy device comes in hand.
It cleans really easy, and most of the parts are safe on the top rack of the dishwasher.
bags only $5, it's time to make juice again.
Used to use a glass hand-juicer and that is just too hard and time consuming.
So after first considering an extractor (bad idea for citrus), I starting looking at simple juicers.
This B&D; gets as good reviews as any and is inexpensive (twenty bucks at Target).
Easy clean-up.Now, I do wonder about the longevity of this thing.
The self-reversing is just a little disconcerting because it seems to happen haphazardly.
It works great.Now, for another glass of that grapefruit juice.
I use it for getting my freshly squeezed orange juice in the morning and i can adjust how much pulp I'd like in it.
I use it to get lime juice or lemon juice for cooking or drinks, too.I don't know why someone didn't think it had enough power.
You need a brush, though to do the job.I love it and it's doing a great job for me.
We juiced a lot of tangerines and oranges and it did a great job.
We are very happy with this juicer and can't go back to those store bought juices!!.
For the price, the citrus juicer can't be beat.
I've had it for about  a month and fresh OJ every day.
It's simple to use & easy to clean.March 2012 UPDATE: I bought this in 2008 and it still works great.
Black and Decker Citrusmate is a simplistic small appliance with many good reasons to consider it for your kitchen.
The reamer on this juicer is reversible and the dual- action is activated by letting up on the pressure, then pressing again.
Each time you do this, the reamer spins the opposite way.
The back and forth action helps to squeeze out as much juice as possible.
There is no on/off switch and many consumers will find this unusual at first.
The way this juicer is designed, there is no worry about messing with a switch.
It collects the pulp and seeds in the strainer as you juice your fruit.
When you are finished, you can scoop out the amount of pulp you like and add it to the juice itself.
Or, if you don't like pulp, you can discard it and drink your juice pulp- free.
With Citrusmate, consumers have a means to extract juice without overspending on a juicer that contains more features than necessary.
It's a surprisingly good small appliance and certainly an excellent value for the money.
Bought this over a year ago, and been using it regularly - definitely daily in summer.
It is so easy that even my kids make juice themselves.
The bi-directional rotation causes the juice to extracted without leaving much behind.
I would recommend this to anyone that likes fresh squeezed juice.
I bought one for us, and one for parents, and no problems on either one.
I ordered this juicer since I do use lots of citrus in my cooking and I am always trying new recipes.
It is easy to clean and very easy to use.
I use it all the time to juice lemons, limes, oranges and more.
When and if the motor decides to quit, I will definitely purchase another one.
This does a pretty good job of getting the juice out of the orange, lemon.
the only thing it doesn't do very well is keep the pulp out.
I have always wanted a juicer but many of them were too hard to work with or too expensive , this one is just right.
I have a panasonic juicer which works very well on carrots and other fruits and veggies, but doesn't really do well with oranges and grapefruit.
This little unit fares far better and is 1/5 the cost.
It is a very simple design but it works.
It allows you to adjust the amount of pulp and has two "heads" one small and one larger which adjust for different sized fruit.
It appears to be pretty effiecient in removing juice from the fruit and I figure I am getting 5-7 oz of juice per grapefruit.
Clean up is simple and can be done easily by hand or in the dishwasher.
I have needed a automatic juicer for a while but had been manually extracting citrus juice w/a reamer.
Oh, this makes my life so much easier.
I have a 2 year old & she loves juice....I refuse to buy box juice...it's so not juice.
This is a wonderful little juicer for the price.
You definitely cant beat the value of this product at the price I paid (under $20).
Overall, great value, perfect fit for a kitchen with a lot going on or a simplistic decorator.
No need to look elsewhere - great buy!.
It's a little clunky to use, but sure saves your wrist, especially if you have an entire bag of oranges or limes to squeeze.
Pulp strainer is kind of useless,and tends to get clogged with seeds and pulp.
I just removed it entirely, then I use a wire strainer when I'm done.
I've had mine for 4 years and it still gets a pretty good workout.
We have a lemon tree, so use it so often to make lemonade.
Would buy it again and highly recommend it, especially because of the ability to set the pulp indicator for the desired amount of pulp.
It even beats my other juicer that I bought for over $80 from sears.
It produces more juice than my older $80 one too.
And there is no need to cut them up to small pieces to feed them into the juicer.
And the juice drips right in to the bottom storage container.
So overall this is a great juicer for the price.
note: this is only good for juicing oranges, lemons and anything like it which has an outer skin.
If you continue to do this, you will get great usage out of this product!.
After hundreds, maybe thousands, of uses, our Citrus Mate Plus got worn out and tired.
I am currently looking for another with the same sharp edges around the squeezer attachment.
If you decide to buy a Black and Decker Citrus Mate Plus, I think you will be very happy with your purchase.
I've had this for a few weeks now.
I juice 2 lemons every morning with it.
It works very well, but is sometimes a little tempermental on the reverse action.
But, it sure is saving my arthritic wrists.
For those who want a fast and easy juicer for their fresh grapefruit or orange juice, the Black and Decker CitrusMate Plus fits the bill.
It is easy to use and clean and not heavy or bulky for counter use.
The juicer has the wonderful ability to give the maximum amount of pulp with its adjustable screen setting.
I wish it had a little more power, but for the price I think it is a great buy.
I used one of these on vacation, found out how easy they are to use and clean, and bought one.
Now I have fresh-squeezed orange juice almost every day.
OK, so I make lemonade (ginger lemonade to be specific).
and it has a small and large juicer size.
stick with soft, smooth fruit (less pores=riper, juicier, ask any citrus farmer and they'll tell you the same thing...).
I was inspired to get a citrus juicer after I saw the Barefoot Contessa using one on the Food Network.
That one was apparently heavy duty and this one is not, but it works quite well anyway.
I would recommend this for someone who needs citrus juice on a regular basis.
We make a lemonade out of 5 limes, 5 lemons, 5 oranges, 1 to 2 cups of sugar and water (Makes a gallon).
Juicing the citrus fruits use to be hard and messy.
We have done this by hand and when I saw this machine, I said have to have it and give it a try.
Well, I used it today on a batch of lemonade and within 5 minutes the juicing was done and no mess.
EASY, EASY!!!!! We will be making juice drinks a lot more often now.
LOVE IT!!!!!LOVE IT!!!!!  Buy it and make your life easier!!!!!.
It was plenty powerful to get the job done.
It got every last bit of juice from the lemons and the only thing left was the empty lemon halves.
The strainer/stirrer got more juice from the pulp but trapped the seeds.
I couldn't be more pleased with this juicer.
Black and Decker did a great job for an extremely good price!.
It's a joy to be able to have fresh juice easily.
I was pleasantly surprised to see that what had been written about this inexpensive juicer was true.
Easy to use, does a good job and cleanup was easy.
I have 2 Black and Decker CitrusMate Plus Juicers; one for each of my homes.
One house is in Florida, so the juicer gets lots of use since we have orange trees.
It is not an expensive item, but works great.
I have given 2 as gifts and recommended them to Florida neighbors.
Everyone loves this juicer, and they are easy to use and clean.
I also use them for making lemon and lime pies.
This Juicer is perfect, is not loud but will juice half a dozen oranges in no time.
I love it and would buy one for everyone I know who wants a juicer.
It's easy to use, easy to clean and very compact.
We purchased this juicer over three years ago and have used it through the years.
We don't drink a lot of fresh orange juice, it's expensive, but we do use this juicer for cooking.
The juicer is well made, sturdy, and easy to use.
Insert the juicing parts in the dishwasher and you are done.
Wipe down the base for good measure.Highly recommend.
It's so much easier to use this juicer than to juice by hand.
I can juice a whole bag of oranges in just a few minutes.
It has large and small cones for large and small oranges.
The strainer can adjust to make the juice pulpy or pulp-free.
My kids like the juice pulp-free and this juicer does the job.
(It's still thick, but the kids don't notice.)Just cut the oranges and press them on the juicer.
The juicer gets it all out in seconds.
The two sizes of reamers are great for the different fruit sizes.
It's pretty clean and juice and pulp don't fly everywhere like some I've used.
The only criticism is it's difficult to get the pulp out of the top part.
It gets stuck in between the layers of the yellow section and it's really hard to clean.
If you must have fresh squeezed, then this is the tool.
I use it at least twice a week for lemonade.
No more high fructose corn syrup in my drinks.
I bought this citrus juicer when my other one broke down.
Haven't used it yet, but will next week when I have to juice 24 pieces.
This is the type of kitchen gadget that you'll never realize how useful it would be until you actually use one.
This has two different size reaming attachments, a large one for oranges and grapefruits and a small one for limes and smaller lemons.
With this device I've been able to get more juice out of citrus than I had ever been able to with a hand reamer.
It's quick, easy, and clean up is fairly simple.
Really does a super job of juicing!Can't beat the price for the work it does.Also, easy to clean!.
I have two other juicers, both costing over $200 each.
They are complicated to clean and one is complicated to even assemble.
Will it last like a $200 one? Probably not but I can replace it ten times or more and will.
I have had mine for more than a year now.
The only problems that have manifested is the pulp indicator dye is starting to wear off.
It's year three, and this little machine is still doing a great job on a regular basis.
For this price, I expected to have to replace it after every other orange-growing season, so I am pleasantly surprised.
This juicer is at the cheap end of the spectrum and it works great.
At first, by the look and feel, I thought it was 'cheap'.
But after using it I realized how well thought out the design is.
It has a lot of features that help with storage, easy to take apart to clean and even easy to put back together.
Only thing that isn't my ideal is the 'no pulp' setting, still lets pulp through.
So if you want no pulp whatsoever, you will have to strain it with a normal strainer.
Very easy to clean! And the price is right.
And it takes very little space (small footprint).
Love it; haven't had it long, hope it holds up, and we are optimistic.
I bought this juicer 2 years ago and have used it almost every day.
It is the perfect citrus juicer and I love the price.
It allows you to juice with or without pulp.
My husband loves pulp and I don't, and we're able to make that change with just a simple sliding lever.
Also, it offers two cones - one for oranges and one for small citrus like lime and lemon.
I love the ease of use and ease of cleaning.
I just throw all the parts (except the base which houses the electrical parts) into the dishwasher.
I loved this equipment very much and have bought this as gifts for a couple of friends.
These times include cutting the fruit, assembling and cleaning the unit.
It's very easy to assemble and use, and relatively easy to clean.
I've tried more expensive juicers and this one is the best by far.
It has 3 settings for thickness of the juice and if you like pulp like I do, it is the greatest.
I was concerned about the juicer thoroughly cleaning out the fruit and no problem here either.
This juicer was chosen as "best" by America's Test Kitchen.
It's inexpensive as well as simple to use and clean up.
It offers 3 juice levels - no pulp, some pulp, all pulp.
We use it for fresh juice and to juice fruits for sorbets or other recipes.
This is a great can opener and the hum is not so loud as most others I've heard.
It's a tad big, but very easy to use, no fussing with getting the can situated correctly.
When my last can opener gave up the ghost after giving almost twenty years of loyal service I had to find a new one.
After looking at a number of models I decided upon the B&D; Grand Openings.
I always had to open cans for her because she couldn't see if the can was opening correctly or not.
Since we have the new opener she has had no problem at all opening cans without help from anyone.
These cookie cutters have a selection for virtually every holiday, as well as every day in between.
Not only that, but they are so colorful that my son just enjoys playing with the cutters themselves! Definately a great purchase.
You can make salt dough as an inexpensive and fun toy and use it along with these cutters.
The grains of salt will not completely dissolve.
Add the flour and stir until the water is absorbed.
To preserve salt dough creations for posterity, bake the dough on a cookie sheet at 325 F for about two hours.
Dough should be solid throughout, including the thickest parts.
Store dough in a plastic bag or covered container.
Use the dough within 24 hours.You can varnish the finished, baked dough with urethane varnish.
This technique can be used to make centerpieces for holidays.
Usually bakers only use cookie cutters at Christmas.
But this set is so diverse that it can be used the entire year.
Of course it also includes holiday themed shapes for Christmas, Halloween, etc.
No matter what the occasion, there is sure to be some cookie cutters in this batch to fit the theme.
Since these are plastic and very durable, kids will have tons of fun using them.
There are also so many shapes and colors that kids will easily stay interested.
Very reasonably priced, this set is a big investment in a lot of fun!.
I've had them nearly 6 years now and they are holding up perfectly.
My one complaint is that some of the cutters have very intricate designs and cookie dough gets stuck and the mold doesn't come out properly.
I think those require the dough to be rolled bigger.
And it's only one a few of them and this set comes with a ton.
and its beauty is far from just skin-deep!I'm so glad that serious attention is being paid to the humble toaster.
After eons of living with toaster-ovens, I at last came to the realization that they just don't toast well.
The 4 extra wide slots easily accommodate homemade bread, bagels, hanburger buns, etc.
On the flip side, it does a great job with thin slices of bread as well.
On my unit, the two pairs of slots don't heat quite evenly -- but by playing with the controls, I can get the same results.
I also wish the crumb tray were accessible from the front.
But these are minor indeed.All-in-all a most satisfactory appliance -- it fulfills its promise (great toast) and looks seriously cool besides!.
I recently bought this as a replacement for one damaged in a fire by smoke and soot.
That said, this is a quite modern toaster large enough to meet your breakfast needs, even with a number of people around the table.
It has extra-wide slots that will accommodate bagels, muffins, waffles, pastries, and thick bread.
Each set has what is referrd to as a &quot;high-lift&quot; lever, which facilitates removal of small items, and a removable crumb tray.
The toaster itself is lightweight and is deftly carried by an inset handle in the back of the unit.
All in all, we are quite happy with it, anbd would highly recommend it.
This just the best toaster I have ever had.
It toasts so evenly you would think the toast was painted.
We eat tons of bagels and it toasts  them perfectly one time.
We have the white chrome and it is very good looking.
Just saw the same toaster at Pannetta, a new bakery that opened down the road.
The slots are angled forward, and have lifts to raise the toast higher out of the slots upon completion of the toasting cycle.
The two special settings, bagel browning (single side toasting) and reheat, apply to only one side - two slots - of the toaster.
The back of the machine is flat, and so can be placed flush against a backsplash.
The browning is even as long as both pieces of bread are the same thickness.The disadvantages of the T-Fal are few, but perhaps important.
First, the slots are of average length, sometimes making it difficult to fit bread machine slices inside.
The slide-out crumb trays are in the back of the machine, making them inconvenient to empty.
This toaster at least seems to satisfy most conditions.
Thought twice because of price - but the features and construction (chrome not plastic) of this toaster were very appealing.
Very pleased with the unit, find that using the bagel toasting feature is wonderful.
(It allows you to toast the cut side only).
Also, being able to push the &quot;eject&quot; raising the toast 2 inches higher works beautifully.
The consistency and even toasting is another plus.
Sounds fairly silly, doesn't it -- worrying about toast.
The added feature this toaster has is settings for frozen foods as well, so you don't over or under cook frozen foods.
This is a goof-proof toaster that I'm thrilled to own.
What higher praise for a toaster.It looks good to.
Looking for a exact replacement  of a  t-fal that we had for many years.
These were available locally but  at a much higher price.
Nice way to replace all your spices & get a new rack at once!  This is my second Kamenstein spice rack.
The first one was lost in a kitchen fire.
My only disappointment is that all the spice jars with the newer rack are made out of plastic.
My original rackhad real glass jars, but it seems everything comes in plastic nowadays.
The spices can be replenished through the Kamenstein,or you can substitute your own spices.
The rack itself is made of beechwood, looks nice, and is well made.
We are very pleased with the spice rack and spices.
It fits perfectly on our counter and the selection of spices are excellent.We definitely recommend it.
This rack is well made, durable and sturdy.
It sits nicely on our gadget laden kitchen surface and is much better looking than those racks that take up an entire wall.
We havent had any problems with screwing caps back on or fitting jars in wholes as mentioned by one reviewer.
We find all the spices useful - particularly for different herb breads and marinades.
gotta love this spice rack.the  wood base is nice nd the bottles are plastic .it comes with all the spices already inside the bottles.
this was a wedding gift for a friend of mine.
they say they love it and are very happy with it.
great size and variety - the free spice refills is always a nice bonus and this company really follows through on that.
I have this on top of our counter and use it all the time.
It works well and most of the spices that came with it are common users.
I bought this so I could use it to hold glitter and other small craft items.
I didn't realize it came with the herbs IN the containers! I haven't had the heart to dump them all out.
I have no idea what quality they are though I would guess not high.
The containers are a little shaky when in place.Nancy RectorAuthor of "A Painful Truth - The Entrapment of America's Sick"(How Being Ill Got Me Arrested).
I wish the jars had been empty & not labeled so I could fill it w/ the spices I use.
I still have my favorite spices sitting on the shelf.It looks nice & revolves easily.
Have had this spice rack for 4 weeks.
It is as described (and I missed out that the bottles were not glass).Now, remains to see how &#34;free refill&#34; works.
Be sure to look at the measurements before you buy it.
I can only find one thing wrong with this item is that the spice bottles are plastic.
After using this blender for over five years, I thought I should hop on here and give it a good review.
I was surprised to see so many people gave it 3 stars or less.
It will puree my raisin, apple, squash bake with little effort.
I mix for about 60 seconds, scrape down the sides, and mix another 30 seconds.
It works well for my butter chicken sauce too.
I really can't imagine what the complaints are about.It is easy to clean and assemble.
We love it, Kitchen Aide always delivers great products, and we are super glad this was one of our wedding gifts.
My husband and I have frozen fruit smoothies for breakfast 95% of the time.
We have gone through our share of blenders in the last 10 years.
So far it has been a good purchase.A positive feature of this machine is the ease of taking it apart to clean.
Additionally, the blender does not have any difficulty chewing through frozen bananas or berries.
If you are looking for a serviceable blender at a reasonable price this appears to be a winner.
The problem is that the model has been discontinued and they no longer sell replacement parts for it.
So we stepped up to a Vita-Mix blender.
Of all the blenders I've tried, I really like this one.
Now, it doesn't chop up hunks of chicken salad in a second, but that's what spatulas are for, to scoop it down.
I don't know of a blender that can handle something that heavy.
As for everything else, this guy can certainly handle the load.
I really appreciate the quality of mine and have not had any of the problems that other folks have mentioned.
My old blender had push buttons which I could never really get clean.
This blender has a membrane type keypad so it's just 'wipe clean'.
Does a great job chopping up ice too.
The Braun did a superior job in making smoothies.
That said, its drive mechanism and overall construction quality is significantly below that of this KitchenAid.
I think I may keep this KitchenAid as a backup to use when the Braun breaks.
You *can* get smooth smoothies, provided you're willing to use the pulse feature at the end.
For me, this blender does what's needed with icy drinks/shakes, quietly and efficiently and it looks like it belongs on my counter.
I did a lot of research before buying this blender and I haven't been disappointed.
It does a great job and is fantastically easy to clean (jar and lid can be cleaned in the dishwasher).
Blends ice well and does not leave large chunks at the bottom of the jar.
Recently my husband and I upgraded most of our small appliances and cookware.
We bought an Osterizer for dirt cheap at a local kitchen supply store and were not impressed with its capabilities.
Since I had earned a couple of gift certificates through my Amazon Visa card I got this for practically nothing.
I must say, this would still be worth it even if I did pay full price.
Even though it is refurbished it looks like new, and works great.
When trying to  make smoothies on the Osterizer I always kind of winced, afraid that it might blow up at any second.
Also you usually won't have your pick of colors; you'll  only be able to choose whatever color they have available.
When it finally quit, I replaced it with  a Kitchenaid.
I could not possibly be more pleased with this purchase.
It is quiet, very powerful and a substantial piece of construction.
It blends well, although in completly liquifying soups etc, it may take longer than what I was used to, in the past.
It is very easy to clean, no cracks or crevices, just smooth surface.
The glass jar is heavy and the supporting pieces are sturdy.
The jar assembly goes easily into the dishwasher.
I have not ever had any repair issues with the blender, but the Kitchenaid call service center is extremely helpful.
There is no other blender in this price range that dares to compare itself with this one.
This blender is a star in the KitchenAid family.
It does a great job and it couldn't be easier to clean.
The glass "pitcher" is very sturdy and this blender has every speed you could need.
From fraps to crushed ice to margaritas it will not fail.
It is a real gem, well worth the $$$.
My acid test for how effective a blender is, will it crush ice.
I have found that this blender does just that.
It is a powerful machine with a nice wide bottom to it so everything mixes up very well.
It is very sturdy so you can feel comfortable with filling it up and letting it go.
All in all I give this one a big thumbs up if you are looking upgrade from that 30 dollar mixer that we all have.
For more than 3 years, this blender has impressed the friends, looked stylish, and worked very well.
It makes easy work of everything from ice to nuts to hummus.
The push button controls are entirely electronic and are easy to clean because they are sealed and only slightly raised.
Moreover, the pitcher is heavy-duty and easy to take apart for thorough cleaning.
The entire unit is solidly constructed and will doubtless last for a very long time.
Kitchenaid is an excellent company that stands by their products.
You must feel the power of the blend!.
This blender makes wonderful, icy mixed drinks!  All of my previous blenders struggled with effectively crushing ice, but I haven't had a problem yet.
I also love the wide mouth jar for pureeing hot soups.
Cleaning the base is a breeze with the soft touch smooth buttons -- no spaces between buttons for dirt and dust to hide.
I had two of the previous version a white one and a blue one.
Both with a fancy lid that I am sure KitchenAid thought was a great idea on paper but you could not pour without spilling.
The blue blender, which was only two months  old, failed in firey display of smoke and gear chips.
KitchenAid has great  customer service and now I have the new redesigned model free of charge.
The new lid, which is really an old lid design copied from Oster, works  great.
I think this is the failing of my old one  the blade got over torqued and twisted right off the drive shaft!.
I think I own just about everything KitchenAid makes, simply because what they make is so outstanding.
And the price cannot be beat and shipment is fast and reliable.
I pretty much agree with ILikeAmazon's review below.
This blender looks nice, sounds quiet and doesn't dance all over the kitchen when being used.
The lid stays put and it's easy to clean.
It also matches all my other small Kitchen Aid appliances.
Like others though, I make a smoothie every morning and I've had to learn how to use this blender for that.
Air enters the funnel shaped bottom and the mush calmly just sits above the blades.
This blender is a nice addition to my kitchen.
As ILikeAmazon said:  "There are always tradeoffs."  I do hope however that they improve on the smoothie making capabilities of this powerful, attractive blender.
Then it will be a five star appliance.By the way:  I like Amazon too!.
And I love it.Although in all honesty it DOES appear that the one I have has a new, redesigned blade.
because there was a sticker on the box that said "new type blade."I love mine - it is rock-solid and very powerful.
My only complaint is it is very noisy and the step-start feature is not smooth - rather jerky.
I bought this nearly two years ago through amazon as a refurbished unit.
This was after having two lesser models where the drive mechanism on the bottom simply melted.
I also like the fact that the lid on this is slightly flexible and acts almost like a gasket more than a lid.
There is also the fact that the buttons that control it are smooth surface so they wipe off easily.One thing.
My husband dropped the jar on in and smashed it to bits.
So at midnight in a saturday I was right back here on amazon and ordered a replacement jar.
I know that if anything breaks other than the actual motor, I can get it replaced without having to buy a whole new unit.
I don't have to worry about waking the neighbors any more!  It grinds through anything.
I make milkshakes with frozen fruit, chomp ice cubes, and it makes the silkiest egg nog.
Perfection.Update:  I know it's been a long time, but in 2012 the thing broke, for good.
The blades are turned by a rubber gear under the blending jar, and after eight years, the rubber started to soften.
As soon as the rubber was soft, the simplest chore turned the gear into a molten blob of black sticky gel.
I bought two replacement gears, put one on, and it didn't help.
I really did expect more from a KitchenAid appliance.
A lot more than eight years of weekly service, at least.
I went with a new Cuisinart appliance, which I have since upgraded all of my old appliances to.
It doesn't come in eye-catching red, but they spend the extra money on quality, instead.
I do not use this for smashing ice, only for making pastes and smoothies.
I have ordered more couplers to have in stock in case this happens again.
But so far so good.So I give this a 4 out of 5, since it was already broken, but do not know how.
I have read on here many times about the fruit not getting all blended.
I have always put the liquid in first and then the fruit.
I have no prolbem with this blender blending up food properly.
it is sturdy and a beautiful shade of red.
It's not noisy and it stays put on the counter.
I know with it being kitchen aid it will last for years.
being refurbished made it so I could afford it and I am happy it was offered.
I have had it a year with no complaints at all.
After years of using cheap, department store blenders, we opted for this one.
The REAL reason is because Wife wants red appliances in the kitchen, and you can't eaisly get red blenders.
It feels well built, runs quiet, and performs okay.
You have to use it a few times to get the right "feel" for chopping up fruit and ice.
Something I never had to think about with the cheap units.
Oh well, it's not bad, but for the price, (even with the rebate) I'd shop around a tad more.
At restaurants, I make free fresh squeezed lemonade by squeezing lemon wedges into my water and then adding several packages of sugar.
So I know from cheap.Spending money on a high-end blender like this went against every fiber in my body.
Like the majority of the other reviewers, I love my kitchen aid bender.
The reasons include:1) It is quiet for a blender.
Sure, that means it's still a little loud but MUCH less so than cheaper models.2) It is powerful.
The lack of extra noise does not mean that it lacks any power.
In fact, it is more powerful than any other I've used.
My husband loves using it for his smoothies before work outs.3) The non-tapering jar.
The blending blades are high quality and will work for years without needing maintenance.
My husband loves knives and sharp things and owns many sharpening systems but never feels the need to touch the blending blades.5) Easy to wash.
The blender comes apart easily, washes easily, and goes back together easily.6) Good buttons.
They don't let food in and also are easy to use.7) Good quality construction.
AND it comes in lots of lovely colors.
As the title says this is the best blender I ever bought.
The blender is sturdy, made out of a thick glass jar and heavy and thick base.
I can't believe I got this for only $40.
I have this since 2001 and never had a problem.
DIS IS DA KINE!!!  It is quiet and powerful.
The first time I used it, I couldn't tell if the blender was doing its job or not.
The power is so strong and quiet, that tough jobs are done without a sweat, and without hearing the motor getting slow and cranky.
It is so smooth, that even when you crush ice or make frozen strawberry smoothies, you feel like you are just blending soft spinach.
You don't hear the blades, or the solid ice cubes or frozen strawberrys getting stuck and freeze your motor, if you know what I mean.
I am comparing this with my old and trusted Hamilton Beach Commercial Blender, which I own for 12 year.
gravity makes chunks fall to the bottown when turned off.
no blender is designed to just blend everything in one step.
I'm surprised to see all the negative reviews on here for this model.
My family has had the KSB5 for about five years now and it has always worked quite well for us.
Smoothies come out fine, ice is crushed into small particles without a fuss, and other frozen drinks come out smooth.
I've used it for frozen drinks and soups.
I do like the KA immersion blender better for soup, simply because it's less work.
I love this blender because it is one of the few that has a glass carafe.
My wife and I suffered with a cheap old blender for years and decided to upgrade with this KitchenAid model.
So far we are very impressed with the power and evident quality of this machine.
It chews up all sizes of ice cubes with ease and the pitcher is very easy to disassemble and clean.
Ours arrived in perfect condition without so much as a scratch anywhere on the thing.
I have had this blender for three years and absolutely love it.
It is especially useful for cold drinks since the stainless steel keeps everything even colder.
As I have said before, you just can't go wrong with a KitchenAid and their products are worth every penny.
With the jar being so wide and a full 40 ounces, stuck ice cubes are a thing of the past.
It can handle anything you can think of blending.
Smoothies are always a problem with other mixers since you need to use a lot of fruit.
This baby seems to say "Let me at 'em" and purees without hesitation.
I just love this mixer and I love KitchenAid products.
They are worth every penny you spend and won't disappoint.
I bought this when I was in my "smootie" stage, making smooties every day on a poor quality blender was getting old, very quickly.
I did some research and found this one.
The only thing I would recommend is the glass jar ([..]) for it.
The glass jar makes it much easier to see how well you cleaned it.
Other than that this product is a must, even for the occasional blender user.
It is very easy to clean by hand or throw in the dishwasher.
It gets used almost every day.Plan on loving this machine if you chop large amounts of food at once.
I think if you are preparing food for just yourself and perhaps a spouse it might be just as easy to chop by hand.
The food processor's shallow middle hole means that it can't hold a lot of liquid even in the largest bowl.
I haven't used a food processor since about 30 years ago when I was given a inexpensive discount store model.
It was used a few months and given away because it was more trouble than it was worth.
Hesitated before getting this KitchenAid because I wasn't sure I would use it enough to justify the expense.
Decided to whip up a batch of blonde brownies and give this bad boy a test run.
Dumped in the dry ingredients and a cup of whole pecans that I wanted chopped up a bit.
Tho I have to admit, the ground pecans made such yummy brownies that I've continued to make them that way.
I use it daily and sometimes many times a day.
Wish I had bought one 30 years ago.
I could kick myself for not buying one of these sooner.
With this food processor, it only takes 8 minutes!  I was afraid that the clean-up time would be longer, but everything really rinses off easily.
The attachments are very simple to use and easy to store.
The best thing is that my husband loves to use it, and now he cooks as much as I do.
It only takes 2 or 3 seconds to completely slice a whole potato, and I'm not exaggerating at all.
The construction of this processor is extremely  sturdy.
I would highly recommend this KitchenAid food processor to anyone who wants to spend less time cooking and more time eating!.
Why, oh why, did I wait so long to purchase this beauty?  It chops, it mixes, it slices, it purrs.
The bottom-heavy construction of this processor assures me of no walking across the countertop.
Other family members swear by KitchenAid products - this was my first purchase.
It will not be my last.Clean up is a snap - no hidden slots/grooves/parts.
And then pull it out again before washing because you've found another use for it for that side dish you're preparing.
Just hit the "Add to shopping cart" button and start dreaming.
...(the website) got this to my doorstep 2 days after ordering it.You know you want it - just click.
It is somewhat heavy, but well worth it!.
It's powerful, solid, easy to clean, and SO quiet.
What more could you ask for? Well, maybe a bigger bowl.
When I purchased this I didn't know anything about food processors and I thought an 11 cup bowl would be HUGE, it's not.
But it works amazingly well and is extremely easy to clean.
Since I've purchased it I've seen some my friends have and can tell you this is the top of the line! (and consumer reports agrees).
I was surprised that it was slowed down by a double batch of  thick brownie mix, but not deterred.
Can't compare to Cuisineart equiv./ b/c I don't have one, but can't imagine another product being demonstrably better than this.
Only caution -- cut my fingers serveral times by being too cavalier w/blades.
It is not going to slip away on you.
I had an old mixer that destroyed itself once by rocketing off the counter when I let go for a minute.The controls are simple.
A quick wipe with a damp dish rag or sponge on any spills and you are good to go.
What if you used the large bowl first and then planned on using the small bowl.
You would have to either clean the large bowl or have it dirty and possibly effect the use of the small bowl.
Also they have a common cover, so this would have to be cleaned between uses.
It seems about twice the size it should be.
Ironically, it also has no room for additional discs or blades.
The Kitchen aide was a replacement to this machine.
It's bowl seems sturdier, but I'm not sure it would not suffer the same fate, if using the blade to chop hard cheese.
I think the shredder attachment however, would keep me from attempting this.The Oscar food processor is much smaller.
When shredding lettuce, it shoots it out the side into a bowl.
This is a more messy process than the nice neat way the larger Kitchen aide handles it using a disc and self containing it.
It also did a finer and better job.
I was amazed at how fine it could shred the lettuce.
I'm very happy with my machine, so I wanted to take a moment to let you know its pluses and minuses.
I am a careful shopper (frugal) and want to buy the best at the best price and Amazon.com came thru for me.
I own the cobalt blue one which matches the KitchenAid stand mixer I also bought recently.
I would suggest you order an extra set of blades and bowl since you won't have to stop and wash between cooking jobs.
Okay, I don't proclaim to be a chef or even enjoy cooking all that much as a hobby.
But when you've got two teenagers to feed, you've just got to bite the bullet and do it anyway.
What would normally take several minutes takes less than a second.
I've also used it to make chocolate cheesecake.
From chopping up the crumbs for the crust to mixing the filling, this is one stop shopping.
VERY easy to clean - just pop the pieces into the dishwasher, and it's got sealed buttons, so nothing spills down in any crevices.
Even the most reluctant of cooks will appreciate this thing.
Oh, why did I wait so long? This is a wonderful help in the kitchen.
I'm still putting it through it's paces, using it for slicing, chopping, pureeing, even making cookie dough.
Well made, just like all Kitchen Aid products, I expect it to last a long time.
Over the years, I have owned Cuisineart and Braun food processors, but the Kitchenaid I just bought surpasses both in ease of use and cleaning.
The stand is solidly heavy, so the processor doesn't skip about during big jobs.
The first time I used it, I dropped a single garlic clove into the mini-bowl and it did a perfect job of mincing it.
You can't get that result with a large bowl.
After the first use, I washed the work bowl in the top rack of my dishwasher, as specified by the instructions.
When I removed it, the lid no longer fit the work bowl.
One five minute call to Kitchenaid fixed it; they sent a new bowl and top the next day.
The customer service representative was pleasant and understanding, as well as prompt with her response.
You don't have to research far to realize that today's Chinese-made Cuisinarts have little more in common with the originals than the name.
If I had the choice today, though, there would be no question--KFP670 all the way!It's not a question of power.
It stays solidly in place on the counter while doing it, too.The problem is with the.
feed tube! It's too small for full-sized items and too big for chopped items.
You can't fit a whole cucumber in it to slice.
You have to cut and arrange the items so that they fill the tube and support each other.
I wish it didn't have such a stupid feed tube so that I could use it even more.
For my part, I guess I'll see if I can just get a replacement 670 work bowl cover that will fit on my model.
The rust formed on the spots where the slicing blade is welded to the disc.
Guess I just have very high expectations after reading so many five-star reviews.
Well, let me tell you that my sister has a quisenart food processor and I have a kitchenaid.
They can not be compared in any way.
The kitchenaid if very smooth and rounded making it very easy to clean.
The bowl is very simple unlike the quisenart which is a complicated mess and very difficult to clean.
the kitchenaid has ample power and is very quiet.
But, I can not find fault with it.
It makes perfect simolina flower/pasta for making ravioli which never come apart when cooking.
I received this (unexpectedly) as a gift from my brother for Christmas.
Several years ago, I purchased a Cuisinart 11 cup food processor.I was recovering from surgery so I had plenty of time to play with it.
It was a nice machine but very cumbersome, too many &quot;safety&quot; features.
There isn't a day I don't use it.
It's the greatest! It is easy to use, very powerful, handles any and all tasks, easy to clean.
If it broke today, I'd go buy another one immediately.
By the way, this is a reconditioned one and I haven't been able to tell the difference.
I even convinced my best friend to buy one.
Better in every respect than any other food processor on the market.
Plenty of features and has several additional options available.
Can't think of any reason why you  would want any other processor.
I have had two other food processors and this one is better by far in every way.
KitchenAid has a world of option available as well.
I don't know if it's the name brand or what but I love this food processor.
I love the color and like having it on the counter with my red mixer.
I grated some cheese in no time flat.
Since I already own a Kitchenaid stand mixer, I had high expectations for the Kitchenaid food processor.
This things chops, shread and slices with incredible speed and ease.
It is well-built; everything fits together solidly and tight (but not too tight so that it's hard to use).
The measuring cup that fits inside the food chute is handly and convenient.
I have always made pie crust by hand, but I tried making it in the food processor.
I was amazed at how fast it did the job.
Cleaning is easy, but you do have to be careful as the blades are extremely sharp (as you would want them to be).
It would be nicer if it were more streamlined.
All in all, that's a pretty minor &quot;concern.&quot;  I am thrilled with the food processor; between this and the stand mixer, I'm all set.
I have owned a Quisinart and an Oaster food processor.
It does all its food processing jobs without the slightest effort.
The blades that come with it do all the necessary jobs you could possibly have -- shredding, slicing, chopping, etc.
Having a food processor alone, makes dinner (and holiday treats) easier to make, but having this food processor is even better.
Another great thing -- it is very, very easy to clean since all the parts (except the motor unit) are top shelf dishwasher safe.
Buy this unit, you'll be very happy that you did.
I purchased my KitchenAid KFP600 food processor 9 years ago, and I was recently surprised to find that KitchenAid still produces exactly the same model.
The spring that holds the work bowl in place and the cover on works as well today as it did when the processor was new.
Although KitchenAid says that you can put the work bowl and cover in the dishwasher, I don't recommend it.
The hot water causes the plastic to expand, which can make it difficult to lock the lid onto the bowl.
Not so difficult that it can't be done, but the lid squeaks quite a bit after it's gone through the dishwasher.
I bought the KFP600 shortly after it debuted, and no one had seen a mini bowl before.
I thought I'd use the mini bowl to chop small quantities of food, saving myself from having to wash the big work bowl every time.
Now I wouldn't buy a food processor without a mini bowl.
I use the mini bowl to chop onions and garlic.
Think you can't chop garlic in a food processor? You can in the mini bowl.
And the mini bowl and mini blade are easy to clean.
The motor on mine is as good as new.
The "clean touch" off/on/pulse buttons don't protrude from the control pad, so they're easy to wipe off.
There is a place to coil the cord underneath the power base.
It's difficult to get the cord to coil properly, though, and would be frustrating if you had to do it often.
I use the regular blade to make dough, and it has done an excellent job.
Also included are 3 slicing/shredding discs which are mounted in the processor with a disc stem.
There is a medium slicing disc, a medium shredding disc (both 4 mm), and a reversible thin slicing/shredding disc.
There is also an oddly shaped, useless spatula.
The accessories are contained in a large plastic storage box, 7"h x 7 1/2"w x 10 1/2"d, that is clear on the top and sides.
There is space to store the optional egg whip and the multipurpose blade, as well, but the box is unnecessarily large.
The instruction book for the KitchenAid KFP600, which has English and Spanish sections, is conveniently spiral-bound, so it will lie flat.
I can honestly say that it has never performed less than perfectly.
This food processor is yet another star in the KitchenAid family.
This is a top quality food processor built to last! Highly recommended!.
Will this one be next?  I already missed out on the 12-cup coffeemaker in blue.
A lot of times when you see the pros on cooking shows using a food processor, it sounds like a jet engine starting up.
The machine hasn't complained once, and so far I am very pleased with it.
If you are in an apartment like me, every inch counts and this can be a pain to find storage room for.
I have used my mom's white one several times and thought I should finally get my own.
This blows away the cheap Hamilton Beach one that I picked up at Walmart a couple years ago it is well worth  the extra money.
I like the  feed tube design better on Cuisinart but I like the heavy duty cast  aluminum base of the KitchenAid and the color choices.
I melted the lid to my  KitchenAid blender in the dishwasher and they sent me a new one FREE!.
This is a heavyweight food processor with a powerful motor and steady base and simple controls.
It weighs a ton and doesn't shake much even with a big ball of bread dough going around.
Visual inspection seemed to confirm this to us.
The plastic  housing on the &quot;C&quot; was also pretty flexy and riddled with cracks  and crevices that would never be easy to clean.
It really feels cheap next  to the Kitchenaid.When in use, the Kitchenaid is really powerful, very  stable and quiet.
Note (and tell the spouse and kids) that there is a "left" and a "right" beater.
Amazingly, it didn't die immediately, but it was never the same after that, and eventually quit working.
I liked the basic appearance and features of this KitchenAid version, and after reading reviews of it here, I added it to our registry.
This little mixer is tough and makes baking a breeze.
The beaters appear delicate, but despite being lightweight, they can handle heavy dough without having the batter stick.
This is an excellent quality mixer at a reasonable price, and it should be able to meet all of your baking needs.
The dough stays down in the beater area.
This mixer is easy to keep clean, and I highly recommend it!.
If you're looking for an awesome hand mixer, look no further.
The Kitchenaid name stands for itself (no pun intended there!) with their stand mixer and this hand mixer is no different.
I've had mine for 10 years now and just love it.
All I can say is that Kitchenaid has found the mix and put their genius in the hand mixer.
It's worth every penny you pay for it and more so don't be afraid to grab this one.
So, based on how happy she was when she made the last batch of bread I can say she is really pleased with this mixer.
She gave me a bunch of technical cooking data that I dare not try to make sense of.
but the mixer (using the dough hooks) mixed it all up without a problem and the bread came out great.
Don't even bother buying another brand of hand mixer.
KitchenAid is famed for its powerful and enduring motors, and other hand mixers have short life spans.
I do all kinds of cooking and baking and beverage making, and use this frequently.
Where I bought mine, it came with the blender rod and whip whisk attachments.
I use the blender rod all the time, for protein powders added to drinks, or diet drink mixes, etc.
It's easier than dirtying up the whole big blender, but blends just as well.Easy to use, easy to keep clean, virtually immortal.
The only reason you might want the 9-speed is if you want the soft start feature, which keeps the flour dust from kicking up.
The mixer is a decent value, considering I got mine with a rebate.
I have used this mixer many times even though we just recently received it.
Mostly we use it to mix dough for pizza, noodles, bread or whatever else we happen to be making.
Sometimes the dough wants to travel up the blades to toward the mixer, but that is easy to control with a spoon.
I am very impressed with how quiet this mixer is.
The open design of the beaters does an excellent job of aerating while whipping.
I have made batches of bread for weddings and catering using 5 pounds of flour.
It tirelessly plows through the dough without laboring or getting hot.
The resulting texture of the breads in fine grained and tender.
High speed is very adequate for whipping cream, egg whites and frosting.
Experts will tell you that whipping egg whites and cream at a slower speed results in greater finished volume.
I could not be more pleased and was able to buy this unit through Amazon at half the retail price.
It is the best hand held mixer I have ever used.
It's light weight and I love this cord.
My old hand mixer had a cord that was twisted all the time.
I can't wait to start making cookies this holiday season.
When it was time for me to buy a new hand mixer, I went to many stores to evaluate which one would be best.
I also looked at the beaters since many models of hand mixers have very flimsy, oddly shaped beaters.
Finally, I decided on the KitchenAid Hand Mixer since it felt just right in my hand, and it had a heavy-duty motor and excellent beaters.
There is also a dough hook, but I have never used it.
My hand mixer has 5 speeds, plus a power-boost feature.
One new feature, to me, is the sliding mechanism for changing speeds, rather than a clicking in place mechanism.
However, I found it very easy to adjust to this type of speed control.
This is our 3rd hand held mixer and BY FAR the best.
Until I got the wire whisk attachment (about 16$ from appliance parts supplier).
I can now whip a half pint of cream and 2 egg whites in under a minute!I gave this (and it's twin models) 4 stars.
It would be a 5 if the whisk attachment (which is needed) were included.Updated 2007-11-13:I still love my hand mixer.
The verdict:  the dough hooks for this mixer are subpar in their kneading ability.
Does what you expect it to, and seems durable.
Doesn't feel or smell hot like cheaper models when you use it for a long time.
Like many of you, I've used handmixers that seem to "run out of steam" when confronted with heavy mixtures.
Not this model! It's strong, is handsomely styled, priced well, and designed for a lifetime of use in the kitchen.
Why go through three or more cheap handmixers when you can purchase one classic mixer that you can always rely upon?.
I have owned KitchenAid products for over 50 years.
Other than that, it's a great hand mixer.
It is much lighter than I expected, which is a good thing.
No little crevices for "crud" to accumulate.America's test kitchen rated the Kitchen Aid mixer (7 speed) very highly which is why I purchased this one.
This is a highly recommend item, in my opinion.
Our experience so far has been positive with KitchenAid products and we're expecting many years of solid performance from this mixer.
The new 9-speed mixer is a replacement for our KitchenAid 5-speed hand mixer that died after 10 years years of outstanding service.
KitchenAid KHM9QWH Professional 9-Speed Handheld Mixer seems to be identical to this mixer, except the KHM9QWH comes with more attachments for about the same cost.
Nice mixing wisk is included!! I hope to have this one for many many years, all the reviews seem true, this is a GREAT mixer.
Like all the Kitchen Aid products I have purchased, this works like a charm.
Guess I am lucky that mine is older.
the product is labled "made in the USA."  I use all 9 settings regularly plus the whisk for whipped egg whites.
Every Christmas I make several large batches of shortbrerad, and this mixer handles that task well.
No more aching forearm and flour getting all over the table from stirring by hand! Beaters are easy to clean.
Love the instant "stop" switch, but sometimes it is slow to activate.
I've never had a stand mixer, always cheap hand mixers for the 30 years before I bought this gem.
I purchased this mixer back in the summer when they offered a rebate with it.
Believe it or not, it was not until after I purchased the stand mixer than I began to utilize the hand mixer for smaller jobs.
While I have not used it for extended jobs its mixing function is great and the speed options are great.
I was an owner of one of the first Kitchenaid hand mixers that had 3 speeds.
I owned it for over 20 years and used it several times a week and it was a real trooper.
My husband gave the old mixer to our kid and decided to upgrade to a different make/model with all the whistles and bells included.
I replaced it with this model which had more power and more speeds.
I bought the optional dough hooks and the whisk.This mixer is like the one preceding it---a champ.
I bake a lot of bread, cakes, egg dishes, whipped cream.
Any recipe that requires mixing or beating can be done with this unit.
The varying speed control may not be absolutely necessary for some people, but I like it because I use this mixer frequently.
The high speed is a champ at whipping egg whites into a stiff meringue or making a great preservative free whipped cream.
It is easy to clean with warm water and a damp cloth.
Quiet torque.Quite torque from a DC motor and engineered by KA, what more do you need.Very happy.
The true test will be when I make candy with it and we will see if it heats up too much.
I do feel like it could have a higher speed at times.
I guess this would be my only complaint.
This is a great item and works better than I thought it would.
However, the color wasn't as stated on the website.
I really wanted a white one to match my other kitchen products.
I'd had this mixer on my "Wish List" for sometime, but really couldn't justify purchasing one.
My old Black & Decker Ergonomic worked fine, even if it was so loud as to be annoying.
Amazon ran a Friday Special on the Koman Race-for-the-Cure 9-speed Kitchenaid hand mixer and it was just too good to pass up.
I'm so glad I gave in to impulse and indulged myself when I bought this mixer - the near silence is wonderful.
My husband was in the next room the first time I used this and wanted to know what the low humming sound was coming from.
Contrast this with the B&D which was so loud, one couldn't hear a person talking right next to them.
As for mixing power, the Kitchenaid seems to do just fine with chocolate chip cookie dough.
I haven't tried it on potatoes yet, but expect it will do just fine.
If you need a hand mixer, as a short-term user, I definitely recommend this one.
I hope that it continues to provide years of service since the noisy B&D was 13 years old and still going strong.
It has been moved to the workshop for mixing paint.
It is a sturdy mixer with a range of several speeds from which to choose.
The attachments are easily secured to the mixer.
Ergonomically, it is comfortable to hold while mixing.
Clean-up is easy as the attachements pop out; the exterior of the mixer is also easy to wipe clean.
I have suffered along for years with under power mixers where the motor burned trying to do the jobs at hand.
I decided not to waste any more money on low watt/power mixers.
This Kitchenaid has no problem powering through any of my hand mixing needs!.
I love it for the small things, such as beating 2 egg whites or small whip cream, that my big kitchen aid has problems with.
Oh, it will do it, but takes longer, this whips it up before you can blink an eye.
Highly recommend it to anyone needing a hand held mixer.
I had a 5speed Cuisinart hand mixer for 5 years.
Unfortunately it started malfunctioning and I had to search for a new hand mixer.
While searching I ran across Kitchen Aid hand mixer KHM920 ACS, which had a great reviews on speed and other features in Amazon.
So I thought I would give it a try.
The highest speed is very slow compared  with my old Cuisinart hand mixer.
I thought I would get used to it, but it's hard to get used to that low "high" speed after having real high speed performance.
I don't have the counterspace for the large stand mixer and this is its perfect little sister.
The Pro 9 is an easy-to-use, smooth operating mixer.
Performs much better than any hand mixer I have owned before.
A bit spendy, but if it lasts as long as I hope, it is worth it.
I thought it would be made in America...most Kitchen Aid product are.
I have a big stand mixer that is kitchen aid and I love that.
I received this little hummer a few days ago and established one objective:  wear it out before Christmas.
Nothing!  It even made my Pro6 stand mixer look weak.
If it does it has earned its place in the closet.
This sits on the front of the shelf.
Although, maybe I've forgotten how my old mixer's beaters were clunky and a lot of batter stuck to them.
This one has very thin, nimble beaters that don't get clogged up with batter.
I guess I just don't bake enough to warrant spending so much on a mixer.
Also, I've had it for 2 years and no problems.
I bought this in 2007 and still use it.
It works perfectly, never gives me any grief and looks as nice as it did the day I bought it.
The  blades never rust or warp and go in the dishwasher.
The mixer itself shows no signs of wear at all.
I've given up on purchasing cheap mixers at walmart and the like.
Its motor is quite powerful and it makes short work of heavy doughs as well as it creates stiff peaks in egg whites.
The variety of speeds is appropriate and useful.
I've had good like with this and many other kitchen aid appliances.
I have enjoyed the quiet, reliable strength this mixer provides.
A quick cup of whipped cream, a batch of cookies or even loaves of bread, nothing seems to trouble this strong performer.
It is simply the quietest, lightest, best balanced hand mixer made.
And even better, NOBODY can compare with Kitchenaid's Customer Service Care Centeer.
The Kitchenaid 9-speed hand mixer is excellent - I'm extremely happy with mine.
And cleaning the beaters is a breeze since there is no center post - nothing much sticks to them.
This was rated as "Best Buy" by Cooks Illustrated and Consumer Reports.
After not using my stand model KitchenAid Mixer for the past 5+ years it I decided I really didn't need it.
I found a very grateful friend and made a deal for the stand mixer.
Then made the decision to get the best KitchenAid hand mixer I could find.
So with the help of Amazon Reviews I chose this model.
The price I found on Amazon was the best available.
I've used it a few times and it was perfect.
The look, the feel and the end results were all as I would have expected.NEWSFLASH:Unit died after about 1 1/2yrs.
Contacted Kitchen Aid and was given a refurbished unit with 6month warrenty.
Actually got a real person on the phone right off the bad.
Not sure how I'm feeling about all this.So far new unit works well.
If you are considering a hand-mixer for your kitchen, this mixer really is the one.
It is so powerful, yet so light and takes up little space.
Really, I was able to do 3 batches of cookie dough at once with this mixer and it didn't bog down.
You could really replace the stand mixer on your wish list with this 9-speed mixer and a couple of good mixing bowls that don't slip.
Getting replacement or extra accessories is really easy - you can get them from Kitchen-Aid or a reseller.
I got an immersion blender attachment, so I was able to stretch my mixer's use even more.
So spend the extra money on this guy instead of getting a less expensive hand mixer AND a stand mixer AND an immersion blender.
If you are looking for a GOOD hand mixer you can't go wrong with this one.
It is a very handy and sturdy equipment.
I can use it almost for everything in baking and in whipping.
I recommend it to everyone who loves baking.
For a decade, I've been using KitchenAid hand mixers to mix heavy dough, light batters, whip cream, make meringue, and mash potatoes.
They are perfect for making cakes, cookies, fillings, pastries, and most baked goods.
I've had 2 KitchenAid hand mixers, including this 9-speed, and both have run smoothly and powerfully enough for the stickiest cookie dough.
The 9-speed weighs about 2 pounds, which feels heavy after 5 minutes of constant use, but never so much that it really bothered me.
Unless you are making bread dough, mixing large quantities, or have a weak arm or arthritis, there is probably no need for a stand mixer.
KitchenAid hand mixers will get the job done.The KHM9PWH has 9 mixing speeds.
The first three speeds are slow, or stirring, speeds.
To run the mixer, you first flip on the power switch on the side.
Then press "Run" with your thumb while holding the mixer.
Two arrow buttons provide easy "speed up" and "slow down" control.
The current speed is displayed digitally right above your thumb.
The mixer gently comes to a halt, even from high speeds, when you press  "Stop", just below the speed buttons.
When running, the righthand (looking from above) beater spins normally, while the left beater makes a slight circular motion while spinning.
The 7-speed model has 2 slow speeds, 3 medium speeds, and 2 fast speeds.
I find the additional slow speeds on the 9-speed mixer useful.The mixer's surface is smooth for easy cleaning.
The cord is also smooth and round so wipes off easily.
The KHM9PWH comes with a single whisk attachment, which goes in the hole for the righthand beater.
I've never found the whisk advantageous in whipping cream or meringue, but it might be beneficial in breaking up clumps in sauces.
The whisk attachment is longer and wider than the beaters.
It protrudes 7 inches when inserted in the mixer, instead of the beaters' 6 inches.
The instruction book for the KHM9PWH is short but easy to understand, well-illustrated and contains 20 recipes, including suggestions for flavored whipped creams.
Before that, I had a 7-speed model for 7 years.
But I had to replace that mixer, because one of the beaters would no longer lock in place.
I've always found that KitchenAid motors live up to their reputation, but other little things can go wrong.
I purchased this Kitchenaid 9-speed mixer because I didn't want that to happen to me.
I'm very happy with it.I did have one problem within the first couple months of use.
Had to throw the cookie dough out, just in case.I contacted Kitchenaid via email asking for replacement mixer attachments, and they responded within the day.
Per their polite request, I emailed them a copy of my Amazon receipt.
Within the week Kitchenaid shipped a pair of the mixer attachments to me, no hassle.
In case you're wondering, I didn't have to pay *anything* for these replacements, either.
I also did not have to send the broken attachment to them, so no return shipping was necessary.
I'm quite happy with their response.**Update**  December 2010:  My mixer is 3 and a half years old now, still working GREAT.
This mixer is such a workhorse; it is always up for any amount of mixing you want to do.
I have a black one that came with accessories--dough hooks, whisk, and drink mixer rod.
It tackled it with ease.If you want a hand mixer that you will have for years and years, this is the one.
I've had other hand mixers (wedding gifts) but none of them compared to the KitchenAid one.
It is able to do almost all of the tasks I would want other than maybe a large whole wheat bread dough.
So long as you have a bowl that you can hold steady, you have almost all the functionality without using up all the space.
I had a cheap hand mixer for small mixing jobs.
I was very frustrated with the lowest speed not being low enough to "stir" and frustrated when it tossed the ingredients out of the bowl.
This one is just right, the lower speeds are just right and the higher ones are as well.
Lightweight, Plenty Powerful and a pleasure to handle, there is not much more you can ask from this hand-mixer.
These features combined with Amazon's outstanding customer service and pricing, make it an all around rewarding experience.
Since I was a little girl, I remember all 3 of my grandmother's having one of these in their respetive kitchens.
This is before the speed was digital; it was a manual roll dial.
:) It wasn't even a question, you simply needed to have a Kitchenaid Hand Mixer in your kitchen.
I am happy to say that from my g-moms, to my mom and now to me, we are keeping the tradition alive.
I also have the emulsifier and dough hook attachements.
They are well worth the investment and make perfect accessories to the mixer! Don't second guess yourself, get this one!.
I have an enormous KitchenAid stand mixer, which is great for kneading dough, whipping large volumes of egg whites, and other "heavy lifting" type jobs.
But, I frequently need something in between a hand whisk and the huge mixer.
Luckily, I found this one.It isn't perfect, by any means.
It is lightweight, but that means the case is plastic, not stainless, which I would prefer at this price point.
It is very slim, but doesn't feel very stable when set down (resting).
I like that, and will gladly trade some strength to get it.I like this, and would buy it again.Sean P.
I'm very pleased with my purchase of the 9-speed KitchenAid handmixer.
Since it's so heavy, I'm not inclined to lug out the stand mixer when I just want to whip up some cream or mash potatoes.
So I purchased the KitchenAid 9-speed hand mixer for those simple chores.
It's a lovely machine, very ergonomic, easy to handle.
I very much like the digital read out,the soft-touch start, and the smooth way it progresses through the mixing speeds.
I saw the same mixer, albeit in an array of colors, at Williams Sonoma for [...].
I tend to window shop there, not buy, because I know their prices are on the high side.
So I was very pleased to find the same mixer in white for [...] at Amazon.
Now I see it's got a [...] rebate!  Oh, well.
Also the electrical speed setting and torque control make this mixer a very easy appliance to use.
So far I have found no bad features.
We have the Pro counter top mixer....this is itsnatural counter part.
This is a great mixer, and definitely a step up from even other KitchenAid mixers.
This KitchenAid hand mixer is what I was looking for to help with those recipes that require more than just a whisk.
I've only used it to mix the ingredients for a no bake cheesecake and frittata, but it did a great job with each one.
This Kitchenaid hand held is the best! When I do need a hand mixer, I grab this one.
This powerhouse has an automatic feature that kicks the motor into overdrive when you encounter a tough mix.
I've mixed chocolate chip dough with it without a problem.
I love the beater design exclusive to KitchenAid--it seems to mix and aerate the dough more than the others.
As a Pastry Chef, I can test any brand of product.
One of two brands I would choose would be KitchenAid.
I have this 7 speed mixer along with a 5 speed mixer.
These mixers depending on the job could render a KitchenAid Stand Mixer unnecessary.
Unless you are going to make triple batches or very oowey gooey mixes these will be perfect.
I use these mixers every week.I also own a:(all kitchenAid)5qt.
It's also rather quiet, it's not one those blenders that just makes a lot of noise without doing much work.
This includes an auto-eject button and all parts can go in the dishwasher.
I got mine from Williams-Sonoma and have since seen it priced for much less.
It's a really cool tool and I'm glad to have it at times like that.
Also, I have pulled it out to mix pancake batter, sometimes cake batter, and other easy to mix items.
It's easy to wipe down and the beaters pop right off to go into your dishwasher.
Easy clean, easy to use, easy storage -- what more could you want?.
I have owned several hand mixers, but I like this one the best.
I have other small appliances by KitchedAid and like them all.
I love being in the kitchen and having really good products to work with.
I have had no problems with any of my KitchenAid products.
I was worried about the lightweight look of the beaters, but they handle the toughest cookie dough with no problem.
I use it 2-3 times a week and it does everything I need.
It hasn't seemed to make any difference in the performance of the mixer.
When it was time for me to buy a new hand mixer, I went to many stores to evaluate which one would be best.
I also looked at the beaters since many models of hand mixers have very flimsy, oddly shaped beaters.
Finally, I decided on the KitchenAid Hand Mixer since it felt just right in my hand, and it had a heavy-duty motor and excellent beaters.
Mine came with a dough hook, but I have never used it.
This hand mixer has 7 speeds, plus a power-boost feature.
Another new feature, to me, is the sliding mechanism for changing speeds, rather than a clicking-in-place mechanism.
However, I found it very easy to adjust to this type of speed control.
I love using my hand mixer for quick mixing tasks when I don't want to use my KitchenAid stand mixer.
It always gets the job done quickly and easily.
It has an on off switch in addition to the stop/start buttons to prevent any accidents.
My first choice is always my stand mixer (hands-free operation).
However, there are times when I'm using the stand mixer and I need to mix something else.
This thing is powerful -- the best hand mixer I've ever used.
None of that funny smell you get when you do stiff cookie dough with other mixers.
This hand mixer power is like no others.
It has the then beaters that cut through the dough and batter like my big mixer does.
The batter or dough does not collect on these betters ither.
I got this for my wife's Red KitchenAid appliance decorated kitchen.
It has been one of the most used products she has.
Until I got the wire whisk attachment (about 16$ from appliance parts supplier).
You'll get better performance for less money.I gave this (and it's twin models) 4 stars.
It would be a 5 if the whisk attachment (which is needed) were included.
I was very impressed with how this mixer handled.
The power is amazing and it's SO quiet! Love it!.
This is the best hand mixer I've ever had.
The price from Amazon was great as always, and I received it in a very short period of time.
This is one powerful little mixer and it can easily out perform all the other hand mixers I have used.
I love the on/off button as well as a seperate speed button.
Seven speeds that will make it easy to go from just blending to a really good whip.
Oh and you should see the egg whites you can beat with this baby.
I have had mine for several years now and if it should ever need replacing I won't think twice about getting another.
Love, love, love it!!  A must have for every kitchen.
Indestructible and endlessly useful are phrases that come to mind thinking about my long-serving hand mixer.
I had purchased a Kitchenaid 9-speed as a housewarming present for my brother and sister-in-law.
They highly spoke about it so I purchased this one for myself.
I like the feature that there is master on off switch.
My mom has been looking for a smaller bowl for her Kitchenaid stand tilt-head mixer for a while.
She loves this bowl and thinks it is a great size.
She doesn't have issues with stuff coming up and over the top.
This bowl is exactly what I wanted, and does exactly what I need it to do.
This bowl was a gift to my sister (I'm risking giving her equal footing since we compete with our baking).
The regular size bowls are good when mixing larger quantities, but are sometimes cumbersome and awkward when just mixing a couple of cups of ingredients.
This bowl is just right, light and easy to handle.
Some stand mixers come with 2 different bowls, and I have always considered this a very smart idea.
There are times when you really need an extra bowl to mix separate ingredients and this thing is what you need.
I have never had problems with the ingredients flying across my kithcen, just keep the mixer at slow speed when mixing dry ingredients.
In fact, this bowl is a great addition to your favorite mixer.
Delivery by Amazon, was fantastic as always, and the price, the best!.
Very happy to have a smaller bowl for my Kitchenaid artisan mixer.
Very pleased with the item and with the seller's handling of my purchase.
This is a nice bowl to have on hand for small jobs.
For extra you can have an extra 4.5 quart bowl.
The handle is essential and this bowl doesn't have one.
But if you're short on space and would like a bowl for small jobs, this would be a good buy.
I am so glad that I found this smaller bowl for my mixer.
Now, I use my mixerall the time as the smaller bowl is just the right size for smaller amounts.
It is not hard to take off stand....only thing Iwould like, would be the scraping blade...they don't have them to fit this bowl.
This is the perfect replacement for the original small bowl that came with the Kitchenaid Ultra Power mixer.
Nests neatly inside the large bowl and the plastic cover fits perfectly.
This bowl is a nice addition to the standard mixer bowl.
It is definitely smaller than the standard bowl, making it useful for smaller volume uses.
This bowl is from Kitchen-Aid, in the Kitchen-Aid box and exactly like the bowl that came with my machine.
I find I need more than one for some recipies and around the holidays.
Came as described, on time and well packed.
A well made product in both function and finish.
This is a great second bowl for a Kitchen Aid stand mixer set.
Though smaller than the bowl that comes with the mixer, it is fine for many mixing jobs.
Because it has no handle, it stores easily inside the main bowl.
That's a great thing for those of us with crowded kitchen cabinets!.
I wish that Kitchenaid would add this into the set when you purchase the mixer.
It works great for the smaller jobs, made homemade whip cream and worked great, no spill over or slop out.
Useful when mixing small batches, and when the recipe calls for egg whites beaten separately.
To give a better description, the lid is sealed with an indention in the middle to accommodate the motor head where the attachments attach.
I think the Bowl Covers are going to be useful.
I don't feel like I have to wash the Bowl before every use.
These covers fit both the 4.5 quart and 5 quart bowls for the tilt head mixers.
You can actually put your beaters in the bowl, put the cover on it, and put the mixer head down to store it.
or making cookie dough and storing it in the refrigerator to chill before baking.
The rims of both bowls are the same size.
And I'm thrilled they fit!! Now, no worries about leaving the mixer out on the counter and getting dusty.
These covers provide a nice way to store something in the fridge overnight without having to mess with plastic wrap.
I also use them so store the dough hook, whisk, etc inside for dust-free storage when I'm not using the mixer.
This should really come with the mixer!  It's a handy cover.
Reasons for liking it:  1)  It keeps the dust out of the bowl so I don't have to keep wiping it clean before each use.
OK...if you have two bowls, you might possibly need two covers.
So find a friend with the same size KA bowl & split the purchase.
KitchenAid Artisan and wanted these lids which I could not find anywhere except Amazon.
perfectly!  Now I can store my mixing parts in the bowl, put on the cover and everything stays clean from dust, etc.
What appears like a hole in the center from the photo is only an indentation for the mixer head.
Anyone  who is familiar with KitchenAid products know that they have numerous different types of mixers.
but I digress.Being research-oriented for nearly everything I buy, I had to make sure all the accesssories I purchased fit/match the mixer I own.
These do fit my KA Pro 600 mixer rather snug and nicely.
Much more convenient than using saran wrap or a cloth for covering.From my research, here is what I found.
KitchenAid makes THREE different types of bowl covers for their current line of mixers.
obviously for their 50 gajillion models they have out in the world.
I would highly advise you use this guide to make sure you don't have to go through the hassle of returning them.
I have been needing some extra covers for my Kitchenaide bowls and these were exactly as needed.
I even adapted one to be a cover for mixing dry ingredients.
I didn't know KitchenAid made lids for their mixing bowls until I found I needed one.
I'm also really glad it was a 2-pack because I can pop the spare one over my spare mixing bowl with the tools inside.
Love being able to cover mixing bowl to store in refrigerator, and also when not using to keep bowl clean.
It works great to keep the bowl and utensils dust free without having to cover up my mixer.
I was never able to leave my bowl with my Kitchenaid pivot head mixer, which is on the counter, because of dust.
I now not only have the bowl in place, but I store the dough hook, wisk and beater blade inside.
I store my extra bowl in a cabinet with the second lid on top of that to keep the dust out.
The indentation in the center of the lid accepts the 'stem' from the machine just perfectly.
Bought these items and several other accessories along a Kitchen Aid Artisan stand mixer for my daughter as a christmas gift, and she loves them.
They're not air tight but the fit well, convenient for keeping ingredients from drying out while baking.
Would definitely recommend this product for anyone with an Artisan stand mixer by KA.
It still goes on the bowl, but it strains to fit.
I believe the instructions say &quot;top rack&quot; dishwasher safe, so you could chalk this up to user error, not necessarily to bad design.
These covers are so handy! I stack a 3-quart bowl inside my 4-1/2-quart bowl and one lid keeps both bowls clean and ready to go.
I store the flat beater inside and keep the other attachments elsewhere, but there's room to keep them 'undercover' too, if you want.
I know I'll be glad to have the covers whenever I need to set a mixture aside or store it in the refrigerator for cooling.
I'll save enough money on plastic wrap to pay for them.
If you've got the 4-1/2 quart KitchenAid mixer, you'll appreciate these covers.
Be sure you know exactly which size mixer you want them for.
I'm keeping one for myself and giving the second to my married daughter with a spare stainless bowl that I purchased for her.
I plan to use the lid when I make refrigerated cookie dough...LB (Pittsburgh, PA).
I like these lid covers as they fit very well.
I have always had a hard time with plastic wrap sticking, or aluminum foil tearing.
I would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them.
I also like the sturdiness of these lids as it does not allow flavors to mix when you put them in the refrigerator.
these covers fit snugly over the mixer bowl to keep things fresh and other food odors out.
Useful, I do feel better knowing the dust is not settling into my mixer bowl and accessories while not in use.
I also like it when I don't use all the mix and can throw it into the fridge.
I see a lot of reviews where people order the wrong part.
Like many of the other reviewers, I plan in using it to cover the bowl when it is in storage.
Storage meaning, the mixer isn't being used and the attachments are in the bowl, waiting for the next round.
This will be a great way to keep everything clean, dry and ready to be used.
I purchased these covers as a complement to my Kitchen Aid mixer and they are perfect and extremely helpful to have.
Not sure if I'm using them wrong but they don't fit over the top of the bowl to create a seal.
Instead they create the seal inside the bowl?  Overall they still work well.
Makes chilling dough very convenient - don't need to put in a separate bowl.
Another addition to assist with my baking needs.
Anyone  who is familiar with KitchenAid products know that they have numerous different types of mixers.
but I digress.Being research-oriented for nearly everything I buy, I had to make sure all the accesssories I purchased fit/match the mixer I own.
These do fit my KA Pro 600 mixer rather snug and nicely.
Much more convenient than using saran wrap or a cloth for covering.From my research, here is what I found.
KitchenAid makes THREE different types of bowl covers for their current line of mixers.
obviously for their 50 gajillion models they have out in the world.
I would highly advise you use this guide to make sure you don't have to go through the hassle of returning them.
I have a white Kitchenaid Heavy Duty 5 quart mixer with an extra bowl and attachments.
The covers fit exactly as designed, nice and secure.
These covers are extra convenient  when letting yeast rise.
They are very handy in covering your attachments keeping dust and other particles out during storage.
I bake a ton so these come in handy for my yeast breads, rolls, pizzas, EVERYTHING.
Or just storing in the fridge without having to deal with plastic wrap keeps my inner recycler happy :).
However, it came without the open center, so I have to remove the mixer.
It works, but just isn't what I expected or really wanted.
It still goes on the bowl, but it strains to fit.
I came across these by accident and decided to buy them.
I am so glad that I did!  They are perfect for chilling cookie dough or even homemade whipped cream.
When I'm not using my mixer I keep my attachments in the bowl and covered by the lid.
Love this cover for both covering cookie dough in the fridge, and also keeping misc.
kitchen dust (can you say sifted flour/powdered sugar?), and grease out when mixer is not in use.
I store my most frequently used beaters in the bowl and cover it with this between uses.
Wish I didn't have to buy two though.
Although I have an extra bowl, I really have no need to cover both bowls at the same time.
And if you make cookies with chips, nuts, etc.
check out the Side Swipe beater attachment, for the Kitchen Aid.
No more dough climbing up the sides of the bowl due to the chips not passing between the side of the bowl and beater.
I have extra bowls so that I can work on a few different things at once.
The covers keep the ingredients for whatever I'm not working on at the moment fresh and moist (or dry) until I get back to it.
This just stays attached to the hub and is there when I need it.
It works perfectly, is very sturdy and FAST.
It works exactly like any other electric can opener, but isn't wasting precious counter-top space.
When I need to use another attachment or just the mixer, the can opener is easily removed.
I LOVE this attachment.If you're debating this one, get it! You won't be disappointed.
I've had mine for years and it works just as good as the day I got it.
This is the attachment I use more than any other on my kitchenaid.
Every part of this is made with quality steel and the item is surprizingly heavy for its size.
It makes using the cover difficult to put on and even more difficult to remove, so I gave up on the cover.
I haven't found a better can opener either manual or electric.
The opener is well made and locks in place like other attachment on my Kitchen-Aid Pro 600 stand mixer.
The recommended speed for cans is number two and it turns, opens and peels off without any barbs.
Those who reported that barbs are present is likely a random quality or tolerance issue.
I know from experience from my hand-held opener, that over time the cutting disc wears out and thus' barbs occur on the can.
If it last for 18-months or more I'll be happy.
Anyway, at roughly 28 bucks, it's a pretty cool device.Regards,Digital Dude.
A great can opener rather than all this crap being sold which gets dirty, rusty and a pain to use with some tins.
We have had our Kitchen Aid Can Opener for over 3 years, and it is one tought piece of metal.
This heavy duty can opener can handle the larger cans with no problem.
Unlike most can openers we have owned, this one can take the abuse.
Before we purchased this attachment, we were replacing can openers every 4 to 6 months.
This is top notch, performing like a commercial piece of equiptment.
It doesn't take up any counter space, and is well worth the price we paid.
We expect it to last as long as our Kitchen Aid Mixer.
The last Kitchen Aid mixer we purchased lasted over 22 years.
Nicely made can opener that works perfectly for our household.
Easy to clean and compact enough to store in a drawer.
Must remove the attachment for most mixer covers to fit.
My wife was sick of our cluttered counter and this was just the ticket for fixing that problem.
This attachment works great and is small enought to store in a drawer.
Dont waste any $$ on a electric can opener.
This thing will open a #10 can in seconds! Should have got one of these a long time ago! Not one problem.
You do need to watch your speed cause you could flip a can open faster  than you could grab it.
I've never owned an electric can opener because of limited counter space.
I keep this attachment on the mixer at all times.
I just received this can opener today and put it to work.
I made home made spaghetti sauce and opened 7 or 8 cans of various sizes with it and it performed great.
The lids came off neat and clean and the magnet on the opener caught all the lids like it was supposed to do.
All I have to do is open the lever, insert the can, close the lever and turn on the mixer.
And all I have to do is throw it in the dishpan to clean it.
I can remove the opener and store it if not in use.
It attaches to and removes from the mixer quick and easy.
I would recomment this to anyone owning a K.
With this Kitchen-aid attachment, you get the power of the mixer in the juicing attachment.
The pulp filter does an &#34;ok&#34; job, but some seeds and pulp do get through.
I strained the juice through a metal mesh colander and that seems to do the trick.
Originally, I was concerned about splashing from the juicing attachment, but the cone contains most, if not all of the splashing from juicing.
It is a really good, easy to use design, I would buy this again, and I think the price is right for this attachment.
So I got the juicer and it is ok.
You don't get as much juice from it as they show you in the video.
I bought huge oranges and each one gave me about 2 inches of juice in a standard glass.
Also the holes are a bit too big to catch the smaller seeds so I ended up with a glass of little seeds and juice.
I would rather the pulp fall into the glass then the seeds.
I will continue to try and hope this is better with grapefruit.
I have a KitchenAid machine (KA) constantly occupying space on my counter.
This device gives it good capabilities for making citrus juices, and helps the KA earn its keep.
the metal fittings common to other KA accesories.
Juicing operation requires hand action, unsealed, so there is a bit of spatter on the counter during operation.
I do not have experience with sealed, dedicated juicer units and so cannot make a comparison.
Where I live, there are many outlets such as Costco or Asian markets that sell cheap citrus produce with a relatively short effective expiration date.
This device enables one to quickly and relatively easily extract juice, and has saved me wastage of produce.
This is a great KitchenAid attachment and a must have if you enjoy fresh squeezed juices.
It is efficient and so very easy to clean.
Bought this attachment to juice all the citrus we have growing in the yard.
Ran several dozen Bearss limes through it with no problem.
My hands did not get wet as other reviewers claimed.
Maybe I am holding the fruit so that I don't have juice 'running down my arm'.
Great to go out, pick a few oranges and have fresh orange juice for breakfast.Cleaning the juicer is pretty fast and easy.
This attachment started out as one of my "least used," since the first time I made home-squeezed OJ, my husband couldn't stand it.
Also there is nothing more fun than making a glass of lemonade from leftover lemons that I bought just for the lemon zest.
So even a non-homemade-juice-drinking family likes ours gets some good use out of this lovely, easy-to-use, good quality attachment.
This makes juicing so much easier!  Just slice your fruit, put it in the palm of your hand and push it against this attachment.
The little strainer that it comes with is great for catching seeds or pulp.
I decided to try this attachment and it's far better than a stand alone large unit that only does one thing.
Clean up is 1/4 of the time and it is cleaned perfectly when using warm soapy water.
Great decision to buy this attachment since we love our fresh grapefruit and oranges.
The strainer thing is silly; I don't use it at all.
I have a very large lemon tree in my backyard, and used to squeeze juice with a manual juicer, which took quite some time.
My husband bought this for me and I absolutely love it.
I am able to do about 4 cups of juice in approx.
I do agree that you need to empty the strainer frequently, but frankly that is not a big deal.
The fact that I can make a sun-tea container of fresh homemade lemonade is worth the few little inconveniences.
If you would like a good recipe for the lemonade it is below....enjoy :)4 c.
There are a couple of reasons to buy this:1.
good for those with swallowing issues, pulp can be strained out6.
another usage for that KA mixer which may have been idled.
It does a good job of getting more juice than I can get by hand.
I recently got the opportunity to use this on oranges from our trees.
After zesting a bag of limes, started using my old squish and twist hand tool to juice them.
The limes were still waiting; added a bag of lemons in anticipation.
Resumed the project as soon as the juicer arrived.
Fast, efficient and am quite pleased!As with any new appliance, did some trial and error learning how to use it.
Did not have any of the problems with juice squirting everywhere, or down my arms.
The trick seems to be not to apply any unneeded force and just let the thing do all the work.
Holding the fruit was not a problem and very few adjustments in hand position to extract the majority of the juice was needed.
(I do suggest using food safe gloves!)  A quick hand squeeze at the end is a good finish.
The idea of putting a strainer over a large bowl to catch the seeds/pulp is a great idea.
We have an abundance of grapefruit in late fall and this makes juicing them all about as effortless as possible.
This juiced big Mayer Lemons (the size of oranges) in seconds.
No mess, no fuss, no effort.Expect the little screen to clog up every 2-3 fruits, though.
I used a secondary strainer because I wanted absolutely no pulp.
I investigate most new products before I purchase, using Amazon, Circuit City, etc.
The reviews on this product were relatively useless.
People seem to be getting a little critical.
This juicer is a great product contrary to what the first few reviewers had to say.
The juicer also really gets absolutely every drop of juice from the citrus.
I don't understand all the problems some people found with such a simple to use as well as great product.
The speed, ease, taste, & maximum amount of juice extracted from your citrus makes this a great product-----plus it's from KitchenAid.
Don't let negative reviews steer you the wrong way, you will love this item.
THE BEST THING IS YOU CAN PUT IT INTO THE DISH WASHER (ALL PLASTIC) WE USE IT TO MAKE LENONCELLO.
IT WORKS FAST SAVE TIME AND EASY CLEAN UP.
I will repeat what everybody else says about the included strainer not being worth anything.
It is small, easy to lose, ineffective, etc.Otherwise this is a marvelous attachment for juicing all kinds of citrus fruits.A note on technique.
Many people attempt to juice fruit by simply pressing forward.
It is necessary after pressing forward to give a little squeeze so the sides get all juiced as well.
The key is to mix the water and sugar together and boil them.
This makes the sugar a super saturated solution instead of a suspension.
Add the lemon juice once the sugar solution (also called simple syrup) is cooled in the fridge.
The juicer will accommodate almost any size orange, grapefruit, lemon or limes.
Kitchenaid mixers do seem to have attachments that just work well.
Bought as a gift for a friend who loves fresh fruit juice.
Just sent it today but I'm sure she will love it.
I found that if I used the mixer on the higher settings, it required little to no elbow grease.
When I was using the lower setting, I was using some elbow grease and could hear the motor working.
I am not a juicing fanatic, just enjoy homemade lemonade and margaritas.
I purchased this juicer to replace a stand alone one.
I have not used it yet but look forward to trying it.
If it is like other attachments for my kitchen aid mixer, I am sure it will be great.
so glad I did!  It's true that it makes a screeching sound if you don't lube up the metal part before using it.
What do you expect?  It's not really a big deal to me, and like I said, it could barely be considered a mess.
I squeezed juice for the first time and my only real complaint was the screeching noise.
This was a great addition to my collection of kitchen toys and very easy to use.
It does take awhile to get an 8 oz.
I place a small plastic bowl on the counter under the juicer attachment and let the machine do the juicing for me.
Mind you I DO NOT use the little strainer piece and my juice falls perfectly in the bowl.
Don't understand why people have trouble with it.
I just push the halved citrus against the machine, swirling it around a little to grab all the pulp.
My citrus are completely clean/dry by the time I am done.
Now I can add grapefruit to my citrus as there is space in this juicer for the larger fruits.
And all I do is rinse it under water and place it back on the machine.
Love the product and love Amazon for delivering 2 days prior to the original date.
I used this item to juice tangerines and it was great.
I could adjust the speed and it doesn't stop like the regular juicers.
It was fast and a little messy at the beginning.
As other reviewers said, if you keep your fingers pointing up, it gets better.
The only downside is that it gets a bit tiring for the arm but it's good exercise!.
I love all attachment for my professional mixer I will buy more if need it its joy working with my mixer.
I have used various hand and electric juicers in the past, and none has worked any better than this one.
It is a bit noisy and the supplied pulp filter needs to be supplemented with a secondary filter after squeezing.
As Others have stated, don't bother with the included strainer.
If you use the included strainer, it clogs up after two fruit halves and must be cleaned out drastically slowing down the process.
This means that no matter how firmly you press the fruit into the reamer, the motor will never stop.
Especially if you already have the mixer, I would highly recommend this attachment.
I have arthritis in my hands and using this with Big Red (Red KitchenAid Artisan Mixer) is a blessing.
Microwave the lemons for 10-15 seconds makes them juicy and the juicer attachment does the rest.
This Citrus Juicer will be a welcomed addition to your kitchen.
It's exactly as you would expect, attaching to the front of the KitchenAid mixer.
While it's almost entirely plastic, this is not a problem since there are no extreme pressures involved.
My only complaint is that the pith strainer (see the photo) is too small and needs emptying after juicing only 4 or 5 fruit halves.
The gentle heat gets the juice moving and makes juicing easier.
This is particularly important if, like me, you store your fruit in the fridge.
We just keep buying more and more attachments for our mixer.
I read all the reviews about using a different strainer, but I thought I would give their strainer a try.
I don't know what other peoples problem is, other than it probably fills up with pulp really fast if you are juicing oranges.
I'm juicing lemons and I can do 6 or 8 before emptying.
I do use an spoon and move pulp/seeds to the side so it will drain.
I use a quart Claussen pickle jar to catch the juice.
It's the right height and the strainer fits down into it to dump the rest of pulp in after I take the seeds out.
Anyway, juicing lemons goes really fast with this juicer.
Oh, I also fold the peel in half and squeeze into the jar to get any remaining juice after I use the juicer.
Much easier than other method to squeeze oranges.
I have a fancy juicer that is great but I hate to clean it.
This is VERY sturdy and the ridge are are deep enough to get the juice out fast.
I didn't like the strainer so I just poured all the juice through a colander with large holes to leave lots of pulp.
Another advantage is that this is so easy to use and clean that it is perfect for even 1 or 2 oranges.
We have 4 citrus trees and this juicer works great.
We freeze the juice for uses all year long.
You don&#8217;t have to peel the fruit, just cut in half and juice away.
Use a large strainer placed in the mixers stainless steel bowl and you are good to go.
I also recomend using crisco on the bearing to keep it running properly and for many years.
I think a clear acrylic might perform better.
For those who like fresh squeezed juices, or using the slide in &#34;Tray for gathering the pulp&#34; of something for baking purposes.
This attachment certainly cuts the time and efforts down to nothing.
It is quick and easy, well made, heavy duty, and fits nicely into the upper socket of your Kitchen Aid mixers power take off.
The only real time spent will be the cleaning of this juicer attachment when done, and even that is quick.
This item is nice to use with kitchenid.
with this item there is no need to buy another juicer machine.
Make Italian sausage, lots of soups and salads and it really speeds up the process and works very well.
This is the kit to unleash the functionality of the KitchenAid mixers.
It includes the meat grinder, slicer, shredder, pouring shield, with slicing and shredding cones.
The meat grinder is really handy, and fast.
Unlike a food processor  there is no bowl to fill up, you just keep feeding stuff in the top until  you are done.
I have one of those big Kitchenaid mixers (mainly for making bread.
One of us needs non-wheat bread and the other won't eat American-style bread.
You pop the unit onto the front connector on the mixer and feed the vegetables or meat into the hopper.
Not much you would need a food processor for after you buy this (ok, it can't blend ingredients).
Works great I have all the attachments and use them all the time.
For small batches it's great but don't think that you are going to put out burgers for a family reunion with this unit.
This Kitchenaid Food Grinder attachment is a simple, cheap, plastic and metal attachment that does a great job if you know what you're doing.
Cut the meat into one inch or smaller width pieces, any length - the longer, the easier it catches and grinds.
sausage) take a lot longer, due to not having long strands of meat for the grinder to catch & pull).
I use this to primarily grind pork butt/shoulders for sausage making.
Sturdy, efficient operation and easy to disassemble for cleaning.
My previous one was donated to my son for his culinary endeavors...i.e.
I bought this food grinder so that I could grind my own meat for making meatballs, hamburger, etc.
I found it to be very easy to attach to my mixer.
It comes with two different grinding texture possibilities; coarse and fine.I've used the grinder many times and am well satisfied.
But with a little patience and a long handled wooden spoon with a dishcloth wrapped around it, all can be cleaned.
That did not discourage me from giving this grinder 5 stars, though.
I've used it to grind tomatoes and onions for making salsa or just canning tomatoes.
I purchased it to grind chicken for sausage and other dishes.
Does a really good job, breaks down for cleaning quickly and clean-up is quick and nearly painless.
I love being able to control the amount of saturated fat that my family eats.
It is a type of fat Italian pasta.
If you need a recipe go to the foodnetwork website and search for "Bigoli".
I know at least one will come up under Mario's name.
I have also reviewed that book on Amazon if you are interested.The grinder attachment comes apart easily for cleaning.
I normally take it completely apart and put it in a sink with hot soapy water for a few minutes before hand washing it.
I have had this device for approximately 15 years and use it on a regular basis.
I highly recommend this attachment for any family that is serious about food and/or their health.
I've found that you can't stuff the grinder full of meat or the mixer motor begins to bog down pretty badly.
I have the Kitchenaid Pro-line version of the mixer, not the lower powered mixer.
if you want a really ground up meat i'd run it though the grinder twice.
This product has been used a thousand times in our home.
I like that you can ground your own meat.
God only knows whats in the MASS PACKAGING!???.
She uses gets all the time to grung roasts into ground beef.
Overall, the Kitchenaid is slightly better than the Waring simply because the Kitchenaid does not grind the meat twice when stuffing it.
You can actually remove the grind plate and simply install a feed guide and tube to stuff the sausage.
The benefits sadly, end there.Both suffer feed issues with large amounts of meat, particularly if it was lean with any decent amount of Gristle.
The feed mechanism with regards to stuffing is so slow and ponderous, it makes stuffing sausages more of a chore than it should be.
We raise our own beef and last year's was a little tough.
I was left with some stew meat I wanted to grind.
I used other suggestions and made sure the beef was in strips and slightly frozen.
I ground it on the big, and then the little hole grinder and the final product turned out excellent.
I bought this food grinder attachment to replace an old self contained food grinder and this is much better than my other food grinder.
I mainly us it to grind my own chicken burger.
It is faster, easier to clean and does a better job at grinding the fresh chicken breasts.
I would recommend it to anyone with a KitchenAid stand mixer.
Even though I have only used this attachment for grinding my own beef and turkey, my meatballs and meatloaf have suddenly become toddler-friendly.
This has worked it's magic, been using for grinding my fruit for jam.
Sure does make it alot easier then having to cut all the fruit up by hand.
I love all KitchenAid products, so maybe I am a bit biased, but this is a great meat grinder.
I found that grinding meats to be very useful.
I have a mother who is 88 and she prefers everything tender and juicy.
So unless it is cooked until it is super tender, she doesn't eat it.
With the Kitchen Aid FGA that is all solved.
For example I buy chicken in large quantities when it is on sale, and grind it up.
By buying parts, they are able to cut out the unsightlies, and sell the parts.
With preground meat that is even more of a concern.
With the Food Grinder attachment, you have the option of handling that item whichever way you may choose.Clean up is a snap.
It almost falls apart, disassembly is that easy.
Cleans up easily with some soap and warm water, or by putting it into the dishwasher.
They appear to be high strength steel, and I am concerned about them getting lost in the wash, and degrading the finish.
The rest of it goes into the dishwasher.Even though the FGA is made out of plastic on the outside, the internal components are metal.
It is very durable, and works without a snag.
It attaches easily to the front of your Kitchen Aid stand mixer, and sits very securely.
I expect it will last for a very long period of time.
The Kitchen-Aid food grinder attachment was something I was eager to get.
I've used commercial versions of this style of grinder and hoped that a tiny version would be useful at home.
But as I've used it, I've come to find a few deficiencies.PROS:- As long as you are grinding chilled meat, this will grind properly.
If you can't afford a stand-alone grinder (and you already own a Kitchen-Aid), this is going to be your best alternative.
This works as described and I recommend it to anyone wanting to grind up their own food.
We like to make our own ground beef, so we know what is going in to it.
worked fine in small batches, if you need to do some heavy duty grinding though I suggest you get a bigger grinder elsewhere.
This attached perfectly to our kitchen aid mixer.
We got a whole chicken, deboned it, and ran the meat, skin, and seasoning through the grinder.
Next time, well just add olive oil to the mix.
Anyway, the meat turned out great and we used it in sauces & wraps, as well made some chicken burgers with it.
Next time he'll try the KA SSA sausage stuffer kit to make some chicken sausage.
I've only had the opportunity to use this a couple of times but I love it so far.
My favorite local grocery store (with the lowest meat prices) doesn't have ground chicken.
I wanted to try out ground chicken for some recipes so I was able to do it now and it worked perfectly.
I also ground up some bacon and mixed it with ground beef to make burgers and that was fantastic too.
I really love this attachment I use it quite often, with the pink slime in our meat I decided to grind my own.
The meat comes out very tender and I also add onions, carrots, celery sometimes to make a meatloaf.
Now I know exactly what's in my ground meats.
A must have for all those who are trying to eat clean.
I have had this product for about two months and I have to say, unlike some reviews, that it works great.
Run it on speed 2 for about 5min with each die.
Cut it to grinding size, put it on a cutting board, then throw it in the freezer for 20min until firm.
The KitchenAid "FGA Food Grinder Attachment" is a very well made and handy addition for the KitchenAid Stand Mixers.
The grinder attachment is easy to attach, easy to use, and easy to clean.
It also works exactly as expected and does a great job grinding everything we have put into it.Highly recommended!.
As long as you follow the instructions (cold, almost frozen meat, in small chunks, ground twice) you can make fresh burgers, sausages, etc.
While it is easier to just buy chop meat and bread crumbs, nothing tastes better than making your own.
Super easy to use with partially frozen meats as the instrucions suggest.
In a matter of minutes, I ground beef into the stand mixer bowl,  added other ingredients, attached the paddle and mixed my meatball recipe.
This is a welcome addition to my wifes Kitchen Aid stand mixer....works very well for everything she needs it for!.
I like this attachment and it's hard to call whether I use this more or the dough hooks more.
I make my own sausage with this and I grind my own beef, turkey, and pork for various dishes fresh.
I also grind meat for hamburger and sausage patties.When I bought this several months ago I used fresh meat.
I found fresh was the way to go, but with a twist.
The meat in its fresh state was hard to work with.
A friend suggested I partially freeze the meat before working with it.
This was a great solution and results in a perfect grind that is not over processed.
When done, if I am storing it for future use I seal the formed patties in my food storage vacuum bags.
I then soak the parts in soapy hot water and a quarter cup of household bleach for a half an hour.
Then I spray everything clean with hot water until everything rinses clear.
Easier than hand cranking.I experienced none of the problems that others posted.
Anything sinewy will get wrapped around the shaft and make a giant tangled mess.
Your meat will squeeze out like toothpaste instead of chunky grinds.
It's okay if it's still full of meat.
I was especially pleased with the hamburger, and being able to control the mix of meats in the final product.
Perfect for home cooks interested in grinding their own meats and sausages.
I was using a hand grinder for sausage and my arm couldn't take it.
The first couple grinds, you will see some greasy black smutz going through.
Just remove it or go through the first grinds a couple times with something to clean it out like old bread if you're paranoid.
I've put a lot of sausage through this thing and never gotten sick.I use semi-frozen pork slices that are cut into long strips.
I needed a meat grinder for a big project in November and opted for the one that fits my Kitchenaid (which I adore).
I love that this grinder was easy to install and use.
I have had one of these before and missed having it.
Great for making your own hamburger using better meat.
When I make taco meat I brown the meat, regrind and drain and then finish browning.
I note that there are mixed reviews on this grinder...some good; some bad.
I can only report our experiences and findings.
To be honest, this is one of the handiest gadgets we now have in the kitchen.
We love our KitchenAid Mixer and it is the most often used small appliance in our kitchen.
This grinder attachment has enhanced the mixer's usage range greatly.
We have had this attachment for about three months now and have used it many times.
It was made for home kitchens, which is what we have, and is more than up to the job.
It is much easier to clean and hook-up is a snap.
This attachment is a great place to begin if you want to expand the uses for your KitchenAid mixer.
Otherwise, this is a high-quality product, a must-have for people who want to utilize the strength of their machines.
If you know someone who has a mixer, this would make an excellent gift.
I bought this before I heard about the whole &#34;Pink Slime&#34; thing and I have seldom been MORE glad I had a gadget.
We have been grinding our own beef now, for 6 months, and let me tell you.
you have NOT had a burger or meatball until you have had it with beef YOU ground YOUR way.
SO sold on this I have recommended it over and over to friends.
I bought this to make fresh food for my cats.
Since I DO NOT enjoy store bought ground meat, this addition to my Kitchen Aid is a blessing.
It does what it is supposed to do and without much fuss.
I have had this attachment for as long as I have owned my KitchenAid...around 8 or more years.
and the only issue I have had is the tray is a bit small.
I have seen that there is an attachment to fix this but so far it is not that  big of an issue for me.
It requires a lot of work to assemble and clean.
Be sure you really want to grind your own meat first or this thing will sit in a drawer.
I bought this because I wanted to grind my own chicken.
Have used this twice since receiving and it works great.
But Cook's Illustrated reviewed meat grinders and rated this highly.
I can't comment about what did or didn't end up in anyone's meat, but I certainly had no such problem.
I can also say that it cleans up beautifully once disassembled and most of the parts are dishwasher safe.
Copy & paste the link - http://www.kitchenaid.com/digitalassets/FGA/Use%20and%20Care_EN.pdf - to review KitchenAid's User's manual.
I can't wait to try this for beef so I can grill burgers to medium rare.
I bought this so I could make my own ground meat, sausage, and pepperoni.
After one round of pepperoni, it paid for itself.
It makes food preparation so much quicker and easier.
I own all of the attachments for my Kitchen-Aid Pro600 mixer.
I like to grind my own meat at home.
I can control the quality of my ground meats.
I purchase meat on sale and get a better quality product by grinding my own.
I know exactly what has gone into my ground beef, pork,chicken, and turkey.
Use the coarse disc for the first grinding and then the smaller disc for the second grinding.
The taste and quality of home-ground meats can not be beat.
Shortly after purchasing this thing, my Kitchenaid mixer took a walk off the counter.
In the interim I purchased a hand grinder.
How much do I want home ground meat and;2.
Am I willing to spend the time to really clean this grinder.Question one is easy.
Gourmet food stores (like Agata and Valentina in New York) have one grinder that they clean once each day.
Your medium rare burger is likely to contain some medium rare pork.
Buying ground meat from a grocery is grotesque.
It is always partially oxidized and one has no idea what is really in it.
With a home grinder you have much better control of things like fat content.
It will not clean the body satisfactorily and the metal parts are not dishwasher safe.
You have to figure on a good ten minutes to really clean this thing.
I think it's worth it - your mileage may vary.If you need it and are willing to clean it, this is a great device.
Almost everything is better if you grind it twice.
Grinding up four or five pounds of meatloaf (beef, pork and veal) is really a trivial pursuit; Fast and easy.
Easy to assemble and clean, if you're looking for a reasonably priced meat grinder that works buy this one.
I have as yet had no problems whatever.
Like all KitchenAid stand mixer attachments, it works well.Grinding meat is messier that anticipated.
I strongly recommend that you watch a few of the videos on YouTube to see how some of the people there use this product.
Don't try to grind meat with too much fat and make sure the meat is partially frozen and in strips while grinding.
Next don't try to grind at a high speed.
Speed 4 should do the trick and not damage your grinder or mixer.
I bought my wife a new bright red KitchenAid Stand Mixer for a Christmas present a couple years ago.
It doesn't get heavy use but looks real nice on the kitchen counter.
One fellow joked about whether we mixed up concrete with such a huge mixture.
Well, my wife had been using it mainly for mixing up baked goods.
Grinding our own enables us to eliminate a lot of fat.
Plus we know the quality of the meat that goes into the ground meat.
Plus, of course she also grinds bread, onions and other things into the mixture.
Plus, there's cutlets and burgers and what not all.
This attachment has been a real useful thing.Gary Peterson.
This is a good addition to an already versatile mixer.
It works reasonably well for grinding beef, which is what I've used it for so far.
I will echo what some others have said.The stomper/wrench is rather flimsy.
I purchased a piece of FDA compliant solid plastic the same diameter and use that to push the meat.
Much better.The blade is cross shaped and not terribly sharp from the factory.
Clean this off often unless you don't mind metal mixed in with your meat.
I've used the meat grinder attachment on my KitchenAid mixer many times.
This past weekend was my first attempt at using the sausage stuffer attachment with the meat grinder.
That process went well--easier than I thought it would be.The stomper for the meat grinder is cheap plastic.
It's not large enough to fill the diameter of the grinder.
This isn't much of a problem if you're grinding the meat once, but it's a major problem if you're doing a double-grind.
The stomper pushes some of the meat down, but then the ground meat oozes back up around the stomper.
Fasy to keep clean and a real treasure.
I use my for making Gazpacho soup, and Vichyssoise.
It works great for that.If I had to grind meat, I'd prefer my old hand cranked metal grinder.
The opening on this one is too narrow for ease of grinding.
But that's just cause I'm lazy and don't like to cube up the meat into 1/2" blocks.
KitchenAid FGA Food Grinder Attachment for Stand Mixersthis product easily attaches to a Kitchen Aid mixer and work extremely well.
It is a cinch to clean and assemble.
Works like a charm (as expected - as it was a replacement for an older unit which had developed some cracks in the housing).
I bought this for my canning and so I would have my own and don't have to use my mother- in laws.
I've used it a lot for ground meats and sausages.
It does stain easily (I put a bunch of turmeric seasoned meat through it.
and now it's rather yellow), but it's easy to break down, clean, and put together.
To fully take advantage of it, like shred/chop/grind, make your own pasta/ice cream.
If you're looking to buy this attachment, look into the FPPA as it is an excellent value.
The MSRP on the FFPA attachment pack retails for $179.99 but on Amazon.com, the current price is $113.75.
The softer the meat, the more "mushy" the consistency will be.
One caveat to the food grinder is that you need to try and avoid meats that have really big chunks of fat.
I tried it on several occasions and they just don't grind that well.
The fat gets tangled in the plate and then it backs up the actual grinding process itself.
How have I lived this long without one of theses.
I purchased the sausage kit and Wowed friends and family.
Made various burger mixes and may never hit the drive thru again.
I've ground meat and bread (for bread crumbs) and have had no issues with it.
I don't have a dishwasher so I can't say how well it does there.
But it's only a few pieces so even if I did have a dishwasher, I probably would clean it by hand.
I'm back here buying another food grinder attachment.
They should make this out of all metal.
I wouldn't give mine away though, and I am buying another one.
No meat market or business is going to buy this grinder, but it is a terrific home tool.
One tip: be sure to cut off much of the external gristle before grinding the meat.
It will not grind and clogs the grinder.
This attachment rocks! We use this thing all the time; it grinds chicken up perfectly and grates cheese with ease.
We purchased a KitchenAid mixer for our daughter-in-law and she loves it.
She wanted to make some special things like homemade Italian sausage, home made salami and ham salad.
She likes it a lot as it quickly does the job and it is easy to clean up.
PERFECT!  I bought this so I could grind up last seasons venison roasts as I needed them.
There is grease, and it seems to happen when the fat gets caught on the knife and it can't work properly.
I didn't find this to be a pain.
I have a very happy German Shepard just waiting for any scraps he can get and patience.
I used a bottle brush to get inside it.Basically don't expect to spend so little for some state-of-the-art high-production grinder, that isn't what this is.
If you use your mixer often, you probably are a gadget person and will find the grinder a needed attachment.
My son loves to cook and grinds his meats instead of depending on markets.
And I'll most likely share it with friends who have yet to purchase this particular attachment.
That's how I decided to purchase one for myself.
Better reviews are written than this one but I wanted to chime in.
I bought this unit at a garage sale one year ago for $20.
It sat on my shelf until yesterday.I ground 12lbs of chuck roast and my kitchen-aid didn't labor at all, (speed 3 & 4).
I could have probably ground another 50lbs before it got hot.This tool is fabulous!  Those were the very best burgers I've ever had at home.
They rival the best burger I've ever had at a restaurant.
I did cut the meat into small chunks, even smaller than recommended, but I don't see the need to do that.
It just goes in the hopper quicker that way.
I also didn't have to partially freeze the meat either because I've got a good quality sharp chef's knife.
I would recommend buying the tray attachment to hold more meat to slide into the hopper quicker.
It is now on my wish list.All total it didn't take more than 15 minutes to grind all that meat.
There was no meat left in the unit when I went to wash it.
It is a very good grinder that is easy to set up, safe to use and easy to clean.
If you don't sock it all the way in, the set screw will not catch properly.
I love this grinder!  I read a lot of reviews before ordering and hoped I would be happy and I am.
The plastic pusher that comes with it worked great for me.
I ground 6#s of meat in a few minutes and was very happy.
For less than $45 I have a fast and simple way to grind my own meat for a meal or a few meals.
As soon as I finished I just ran over it with the sink sprayer then swished it in hot, soapy dishwater and it was clean.
Can't wait to grind some fresh lamb minus all the fat the grocery stores add.
Delicious!  And Amazon is always great about taking care of business.
Alot easier to use than the old fashioned grinder.
If you're an old-fasioned-style cook, you'll enjoy using this attachment.
It takes a certain sensitivity/experience to know how far to push its limits, and what type of meat to use.
I enjoy this challenge, and if you are similar, you will, too!It is unsurpassed for grinding up pre-cooked ham to make ham loaf.
If I would have known how fast and easy this attachment was to use, I'd have bought it years ago.
I've had my Kitchenaid mixer for 22 years and just kept thinking that the attachment would probably be a big hassle.
My son got a deer and wanted to grind some for burger so he went and bought the attachment.
You can't go wrong getting this attachment if you grind your own meat.
Money WELL spent!! If someone on your gift list does their own grinding and has a kitchenaid mixer, you've got to buy them this grinder.
Works very well with vegetables as well as meat.
I'm very happy with this food grinder attachment.
It takes some time to grind meat after all it's a home model not a commercial grinder.
It's well worth the little extra time it takes to have freshly ground beef, pork, etc.
I would recommend this to others and am very happy with the purchase.
It is easy to clean as well.KitchenAid FGA Food Grinder Attachment for Stand Mixers.
We have had the grinder for 10+ years now.
Kitchenaid now sells an add on that increases this capacity.
As always Kitchen Aid products is top of the line.
In general, I might grind up a pork butt or some sirloin or a roast.
This grinder is great for that!I learned quickly to cut my meat up in smallish chunks.
It took me maybe 15-20 minutes to really get the hang of it, as I've never done anything like grind meat before.
I am pretty sure it is paying for itself - I'm making great tasting lean, wholesome sausage for half the price of the cheap stuff.
Takes hamburgers to a whole never level, and now I can grind meats that are not available in my small town grocery stores.
We have recently been slicing and NOW grinding out own food trying to be more "clean".
Its super easy..just unscrew the knob at the front and take off the cover and push it on.
You pick if u want the larger holes or smaller.
then you put it on 4 and go at it.
The pusher thing u use to push down the meat is great and large so you dont have to get your hand in the way.
Also i have no issues with black in my chicken.
i have ground about 10 lbs so far between two different occasions.
A must have if u feel like having leaner gorund meat.
This is much better than I thought it'd be.
It clogs a lot less than our manual one.
Very handy to just pop it on and let the mixer do the labor.
Just received this and have only used it once to grind chicken breasts into ground chicken.
It did a nice job with a minimum amount of work.
Easy to clean as all parts disassemble easily and can be put in the dishwasher.
For those wanting to make their own hamburger meat and already own a KitchenAid stand mixer this attachment works as advertised.
(yes, it's a bit gross)Bottom line: a simple device that adds value to your existing KitchenAid stand mixer.
I bought this attachment after a recommendation in the book "Wheat Belly: Lose the Wheat, Lose the Weight," by Dr.
William Davis, to grind my own almond meal.
The first time out of the box I followed the directions (VERY basic) and put my mixer on speed 4 and started to grind.
Very quickly my almonds turned into almond butter inside the machine and hardened and froze it up.
I then had to take everything apart and practically chisel the hard almond butter out of the hopper.
After getting everything all cleaned up, I tried again, this time putting my mixer on speed 2 and feeding the almonds in slowly.
Success! It does go somewhat slow doing it this way, but it still beats grinding small batches at a time in a coffee grinder.
This way, I could continuously grind my almonds and get the 3 cups worth that I needed for the pancakes I was going to make.
I am definitely going to use this many more times to grind my almonds for my baking, and I am very happy with my purchase.
Although this is really a light-medium duty grinder, it's an excellent value for the price.
Used it for the first time today, to grind some chuck steaks for burgers.
Just remember to trim all of the sinewy tissue, or it'll clog up the plate at the front of the grinder.
But again, really nice little gadget for the price.
I use it every couple months without problems and do enjoy using it.
Using a cylindrical brush would make cleaning the interior of the attachment easier.
No more buying pre-ground meat from stores.Meat to fat ratio should be 70/30 to get a juicy burger.
It does the job and I'm glad I bought it.
I've been using it to grind meat for making jerky.
If you own a KitchenAid stand mixer you MUST have this attachment!  I use mine all the time.
Our grocery store often has BOGO specials for meat.
I then put my custom-ground meats into vacuum-seal bags & freeze them, then seal them AFTER the meat's pretty solid.
This way the meat'll last for a year, easy.I take part of the ground meat & use the KA to make meatloaves for future use.
for baking & everything comes out perfect every time.
Can't say that about many other things these days!.
The grinder is exactly what was needed to make the cheese spread that my mother taught me to make.
I'm sure I will find other uses for the grinder.
We have owned this attachment for approximately 4 years.
It is simple to assemble, easy to clean, and works better than the other brand grinder which became obsolete within 5 years.
By obsolete, I mean replacement parts could not be found for it which made it...obsolete.
We have many attachments for Kitchen Aid and this is a favorite for grinding any meats.
It works especially well for grinding chunks of venison.
The best news is Kitchen Aid will never become obsolete.
Our families menu is made up of 80% poultry.
Our baking is limited to holidays so my KitchenAid had been collecting dust.
I had been eyeing the food grinder in the store the past few months and hesitated due to the price.
Found it here on amazon and decided to go for it.
We have saved so much money buying chicken when it goes on sale and griding it up and freezing it.
We havent tried anything else yet but do plan to put it to the test this weekend.
When I replaced my Oster Kitchen Center with my new Kitchen Aid mixer, I needed to also replace the grinder attachment.
My wife wanted me to buy a food grinder for the Kitchen Aid Mixer I got her for Christmas.
I couldn't see paying what the Kitchen Aid site wanted for it so I looked on Amazon and this one was for sale.
It came in the Original Box with all the original packaging and even the warranty card.
IF it was ever put on the machine you can not tell it.
We used it to make Cranberry Relish to freeze and I am very thankful we got it.
I use to be the motor for the hand grinder.
Tried it on chicken and pork so far, and it's worked great.
Might have to get the sausage stuffer portion to try that out as well.
I compared this plastic model with the metal ones available and chose this one.
It goes through the dishwasher well, a big plus in this household.
I started out at 2 or 3 on the speed control, and it didn't work very well.
Kitchenaid is an American company, and this item is made in America, so I was a little surprised at how poor the instructions were.
That was my only complaint with this grinder.
I was going to buy a manual grinder because my mother used to have one, but I decide to get the attachment instead.
I have a Vita Mix and I grinded meat once and the cleaning process was so painful.
With The Kitchen Aid it is so easy, just get all parts apart and wash it.
I reduce from 5 to 4 stars because of that, It is not a pretty picture.
My husband and I made our first batch of venison sausage and it was easy and delicious.
I highly recommend this product for ease of use.
I bought this in a knee-jerk reaction to the 'pink slime' news and it was a good idea even so.
I tried it for the first time yesterday grinding about three pounds of round roast and it did a good job.
BTW, I did trim off the obvious outer layer of fat before I got started.
After the first grind I dismantled it and cleared out the blocked meat and did the second grind without any more blockage.
I separated out three patties for dinner tonight, and then mixed the remaining with ground pork for meatballs.
I don't think it's worth the trouble (to clean up) grinding less than three pounds.
The build quality is very good and it looks like it should provide good occasional service for years to come.
I did opt to buy a spare blade so I would not be delayed if I needed one quickly in the future.
Given all the concerns about e-coli and mad cow, we decided last year to start grinding our own beef and lamb.
The knife and both plates store inside the screw cap, so I don't worry about losing them (though KitchenAid sells replacements, as does goodmans-dot-net).
I love this grinder, I have used it several times, I highly recommend this item to everyone you won't be sorry you ordered it.
Not too surprising that this meat grinder is quite good at grinding meat.
Unless you're going to do like a whole cow or a pig or something.
This attachment does exactly what it is supposed to do.
It cleans-up easily and is 100% dishwasher safe.Some reviewers have complained about a black substance coming out of the attachment.
This is normal when you have a stainless steel screw shaft being supported by a bronze bearing.
The o-ring on the shaft prevents this residue from mixing with the food.
Then we vacuum package them into 1 pound packages and freeze them for later use.
A must if you have a KitchenAid Mixer.
you can make bread crumbs,nuts, grind your own ground beef and sausage.
I have used this a great deal and extends the use of the mixer.
The only thing that I would change or add, would be a larger tray.
However, a read the review that talked about "mad cow" etc.
Have used this attachment twice and am quite pleased with it.
It does a good job grinding meat, which is the main purpose for the purchase.
The is the only thing I have found that I need to do better with it.
I bought this in conjunction with the fruit and vegetable strainer.
It did a good job grinding, but it was a bear to clean.
I think I'll leave the meat grinding to the professionals.
I love this attachement--I use it for all kinds of things: mill for granding dry pepper, nuts, and meat.
This meat grinder is well built and works well.
It is good for grinding a few pounds of meat at a time.
There is some waste, as a bit of meat gets stuck inside the grooves of the grinder and grinding plate.
I have used this to grind beef for burgers and meatloaf.
I also use this for making ground chicken, which I prefer for tacos and quesadillas.
I can't always find ground chicken in my market.
It only comes pre-packaged, and the butcher won't grind it on request.
Now I can buy whole boneless breasts, and grind them myself.
It takes only a couple minutes with hot soapy water and a small sponge.
There are a ton of reviews on this grinder, and I pretty much read them all.
I've used the grinder to make about 10 lbs of homemade breakfast sausage and on a different occasion to grind about 40 lbs of venison.
The grinder worked well, cleaned up easily between the dishwasher and a little handwashing, and was perfect for the home grinder.
I use it to make fresh meatballs by grinding pork and beef together, I double grind it.
I grind up lots of chicken and freeze it in 1 lb loaves using my foodsaver and that makes great tacos and chicken meatloaf.
I've never had a single problem with this grinder.
Even my husband, who normally has little to no interest in my kitchen appliances loves this thing.
It is much fresher, meatier and we know it is pure beef or lamb with no fillers, like often used in the supermarkets.
It grinds the meat quickly and with little fuss.
If you've already got a KitchenAid, then you really should own this.
and it's not worth what you pay for, unless of course you like frustration.
Get yourself a proper stuffer likeTSM Products 5lb Sausage Stuffer with Cast Iron Frame.
I own its twin and I'm very happy.When using, it's wise to drop the parts in a solution of water with a dash of bleach.
Partly for the health reasons, but I gotta be perfectly honest: I just hate cleaning up after handling spiced and/or ground meat.
It's a whole lot easier to pull off the glove and toss it.
I have worn out my old food grinder, so replaced it with this one, which is essentially the same.
It arrived in good condition and in good time.
We were tired of seeing deals on good roasts but never seeing good deals on hamburg.
We bought this grinder for just that purpose and it works great.
Little hard to clean but the savings on ground hamburg is well worth it.
I have been interested in making my own sausage for a while now, which meant I needed a meat grinder.
I did some research on how best to use it, and followed the advice of chilling both the meat and the grinder before use.
Both the grinder and sausage stuffer worked just fine, and I had a great time making my sausage.
This is not a commercial-grade product, and doing more than a few pounds is going to take a long time.
I found that this item will leak if it food gets right to the edge of the other piece it attached to.
The tray makes it possible to hold all of the meat fruit or vegetable that you wish to grind up conveniently in one place.
It will leak if too much liquid is in the tray, so don't over stuff it, (I had a LOT in there LOL.).
Wow,  is a lot bigger then I thought.
Great addiction to  the rest of the stuff.
Like every thing else I got from amazon.com and kitchen aid  I am not disappointed.
This will really aid in grinding deer meat  for making sausage and hamburgers.
I bought this when I bought my food strainer/grinder attachment.
It is a handy thing to have since the original tray is quite small (it holds about one ladle full of apples at a time).
This product works just as advertised and the plastic looks like it's made of good quality...well, plastic.
My favorite attachments are the pasta & ice-cream ones, which don't require this tray.
He only wishes he had gotten a bigger stand mixer.An 8 quart instead of a 6 quart.
You must have this if you are making applesauce with the KitchenAid FVSFGA Fruit and Vegetable Strainer and Food Grinder.
Very handy when you have lots of meat to grind.
I use it most when I have done a course grind and then go on to a second grind with the small die.
I have easily had two pounds of ground meat in the tray at one time.
I highly recommend using this tray if you're using the fruit/vegetable/food grinder for the Kitchenaid mixer.
Gives you a larger workspace and is less messy.
It enables the processing of LARGE quantities of material very quickly, making the whole process more efficient.
It's almost impossible to process larger amounts of cooked apples (I've tried) into the smaller chute for making applesauce.
It can be done but this inexpensive addition makes it faster, easier, and much less messy.
Couldn't live without it!  I do a lot of canning and this is an indispensable item for my busy kitchen.
Easily made tomato sauce till the cows came home this year.
Already planning twice as many plants for next year.
I like to grind my own meat at home.
I know what is in my meat and the quality.
The tray attachment makes it more convenient to feed in the meat, especially after the first grinding.
All of the attachments offered by KitchenAid have specific uses.
Easy to clean and do the job they are made for.
Since there isn't a photo of this food tray, I'll first describe it to you.
It's made from the same white plastic that the rest of the kitchenaid attachements are made from.
It's about 10 inches long, The same width as  the food grinder tray.
It slides over the  top of the food grinder tray providing a pretty good fit.
It's not a water  tight fit however.The tray is nice when you are laddling in things to be  ground up.
It helps keep the items from falling into the bowl of already  ground up stuff.
If you are looking for a gift for a cook who has it all,  it would be a good present.
My mother recently gifted her older KitchenAid mixer to me, as she is now in her 80's and wanted a smaller KitchenAid.
It had all of the attachments, but was missing the food tray attachment.
It is a perfect fit for my mixer, and is the same weight and feel as the other attachments I already had.
I am completely satisfied with the product and pricing.
Have not used this yet, have every confidence in Kitchen Aide products, to use with our new mixer.
It does what a food tray is supposed to do.
Makes it possible to load more food for grinding.
For a piece of white plastic, it's expensive.
The tray fits on the smaller tray of the grinder attachment.
There is a little bit of leakage between the opening of the tray and the grinder tray but it is minimal.
I wish I would have had this when I made 40 lbs.
Well help making sausage but not great for catching juices.
Over all what we were looking for and well use it for.
But not for everyone if you read all the reviews.
Also there might be a few tricks to placing it just right on the mixer under the stuffer.
Works really well for grinding your meat for your sausage.
now I can hold a lot more food items and do not have to fill as often it attaches easly.
I love this tray and it is essential if you're grinding meat or other items.
It fits perfectly over the grinder and other attachments.
It holds lots of food as you feed it into the grinder.
I can usually grind up to five pounds of meat at a time.
Not much to go wrong with a piece of plastic.My only gripe is juice leaks out between it and the grinder.
A silicone seal molded to the bottom of the tray would be welcome.
I bought this optional accessory when I purchased the food grinding attachment.
The tray is also easy to dis-asemble and clean.Recommend.
I've been grinding my own hamberger meat on and off for years.
Sure wish I had checked this out sooner.
round steak, cut into strips for much quicker, easier feeding into the grinding tube.
Quicker, easier, less mess - I think I'll be grinding all my own meats now.
The extended tray works really well and reduces the need to replenish the product to be ground by at least 60%.
It really should have came from Kitchenaide this way.
All in all a "Must Have' if you have a grinder!.
I have quite a few of the attachments and this is definitely on my favorites list.
Not sure what all the fuss regarding tomato sauce.
I find you have to run a rubber spatula along the extraction tube to make sure all the pulp makes it into the output bowl.
When you do that it looks like the output of the handful of more manual "squeezers" that we have used.
My wife actually likes the seeds so she prefers the traditional remove-the-skin-and-cook method.
For small batches of sausage and/or custom meat grinds for ragu, etc.
I held out on purchasing this for ages thinking it was just too expensive and wouldn't work well anyway.
After spending hours processing bushels of apples by hand this fall I finally sucked it up and bought one for this year's harvest.
I washed and quartered them, leaving the skins and cores intact.
I put them in a pot with a bit of water and simmered them until they were soft.
The entire process took under five minutes for the entire three pounds.
I ladled the apples into the tray and they were zipped into the chute and processed beautifully.
Clean, smooth applesauce came out one end and dry peels and seeds came out the other.
I felt no need to reprocesses the waste since it was dry to the touch.
Really, the entire process took under five minutes from start to finish.
I also have a 4.5 quart mixer and everything attached perfectly.Also, you need to use common sense.
Do not try to put raw foods into it and expect juice.
Also, berries would be prone to clog the screen since their seeds are tiny.
And don't plan to do a super small batch of three apples or something.
It's not designed for super small batches.For those who do applesauce this is a dream come true.
It is THE best purchase I have made for my kitchen, right after my KitchenAid mixer itself.
This attachment made making tomato sauce a snap.
With our first batch of tomatoes, my husband and I peeled them the traditional way by boiling and then putting them in cold water.
Once we got this attachment, we haven't looked back.
It completely eliminates the boiling/peeling process to get tomato sauce.
Voila! Perfectly smooth tomato sauce comes out the other end - and quickly.
If you have a bunch of apples and want to make a lot of applesauce, this is the way to go.
I made 70 qts in just a couple days with this and would be lost without it.
YOu need the additional tray on top however (KitchenAid FT Food Tray Attachment for Stand Mixers ).
Also these attachment pieces are very easy to clean.
I do a lot of canning and these tools are invaluable to me.
To fully take advantage of it, like shred/chop/grind, make your own pasta/ice cream.
If you're looking to buy this attachment, look into the FPPA as it is an excellent value.
The MSRP on the FFPA attachment pack retails for $179.99 but on Amazon.com, the current price is $113.75.
What's the difference between the three? The FVSFGA is ***BOTH** the FVSP AND the FGA.
The FVSP consists of the pieces that you attach to the FGA to strain your fruits & vegetables.
You'll save money, otherwise you'll own two sets of meat grinders.
Again...the FVSFGA is a combo pack of the grinder & strainer in one box.
Apples were 79 cents a pound at my local grocer, so I thought why not test it out.
I was actually surprised at how quickly this thing ran through the 4 apples that I bought.
It is somewhat messy, but it does the job.
I heard you can make your own tomato sauce, which I haven't done yet.
but I love Italian food and that will be my next project.
I asked for this attachment pack for Christmas since I love applesauce and I do a lot of canning.
The instructions for this are horrible; I had to look up an online video to know how the pieces were supposed to fit together.
Maybe this is apparent to other people when they first unpack it, but I didn't understand.
The instruction book is for the food grinder, fruit and vegetable strainer, and the pasta attachment and this set does not include the pasta attachment.
Nowhere in the instructions did it say that all the pieces included in the box were not used at once.
After I got everything hooked up properly to the mixer (thanks to the video) I started loading my cooked apples in the tray.
I agree with everyone here that the tray should be bigger, or the larger tray attachment should be included.
For my trial run, five large apples yielded 2/3 of a quart of applesauce.
Much cleaner than using the food mill, since I didn't have to worry about constantly dumping out the waste, it just came out the front.
The directions don't say what speed setting to use for making sauce; I guessed and used speed 6 and everything seemed to be great.
It took me about 2 minutes to put the five apples through and it was effortless.
As long as you keep the apples in the tray and don't dump them down the sides, you shouldn't have much mess at all.
When I was finished I unhooked everything, disassembled the pieces and dumped them in a sink full of soapy water.
Everything comes apart and is very easy to clean.
This is easy enough to set up and use for small batches of applesauce anytime.
Why can applesauce when it's this easy to make?  I will eventually use this for jam and baby food.
If not for the horrible instructions (or lack thereof) I would give this five stars.
It really does the job for which it is represented.
At $80.00 it had to wait but--would I buy it again? Why yes, I just did!I suppose any product can be improved upon.
The pulp on this one comes out a bit wet.
Putting it though a second time retrieves more of the good stuff.
I'm in the kitchen cutting up stuff, putting it in the blender, and straining it.
It takes what seemed like an eternity and entirely too many dirty dishes.
I get on Amazon to see if there are any gadgets that would make my life easier.
I see this thing which I actually already have, but had never used!  I bought it to make apple sauce last year, but never did.
I had a newborn this apple season, so making applesauce was the last thing on my mind.It is FABULOUS.
I put bananas in the top and out comes banana baby food.
I get some milk and mix it up with the same stand mixer.
This seems like an expensive attachment, but it is essential for making homemade applesauce and freezer jams.
It was so easy and the attachment pieces are very durable.
I can't believe that I was ever without this!.
Once you get it together, it works like a charm.
The first think I tried it on was cranberry apple sauce.
I cut the apples into quarters and threw them in a pot with whole cranberries.
I cooked them down and added the usual salt and sugar, let them cool, then ran them through the strainer.
I have to admit, I was not expecting great results with so little effort, but it worked perfectly.
I bought this earlier this summer and I finally used it this past weekend.
It saved me so much time.The next day I decided to use it to juice citrus.
I fed all the citrus through the machine and cleaned it in between in about an hour.
It made canning the juice a lot easier.Please note that to use this, you must also already own the Food Grinder Attachment.
The Fruit and Vegetable strainer is really easy to attach to the food grinder accessory and very easy to clean.
I put the "waste" through a second time and got an additional amount of juice from it.
It's definitely a must-have for anyone who does canning.
Make sure to have a large bowl under the food grinder.
We have used this for processing blackberries for making jam and for tomatoes for making sauce for 2 seasons.
It has worked almost flawlessly and clean up is easy.
We've made gallons of sauce and dozens of jars of jam and it works as good as the day we got it.
After going through two batches of manual tomato sauce making this year, I was ready for this new tool.
well made components were easily attached to my KA food grinder assembly and made processing of a large batch of tomatoes into juice/puree a snap.
Dont know whether other electric alternatives would be cheaper (given the $40 price of this item alone) if you do not.
I've owned this item for about a month, and have used it several times.
I ended up pureeing the skins & seeds, and adding them back to the juice.The second use was for apples.
I boiled chopped apples (core and skin included) and then strained them.
It really just provides a bigger target to place food, rather than extending the capacity of the grinder / strainer attachment.
The seal where the tray & food chute attaches is not tight, so it can leak.
This is not the first one that I've had.
My daughter saw how well the first one worked and took it home with her.
My garden is in full bloom so I was finally able to put this to a test, and can say it was a great success.
Served it with grilled pork chops last night (from the four jars I canned).Could not be happier and highly recommend.
This has got to be one of the best attachments you can get for the KitchenAid mixers.
I had over 200lbs of fresh tomatoes from the garden last year and this made quick work of them for making various pasta sauces.
No more time consuming and messy blanching and peeling!  Seriously, buy it!.
I simmer quartered apples - seeds, cores, peels, and all - until tender, then send them through the strainer.
Fresh quartered tomatoes go in one end; the juice/pulp and the seeds come out separately.
After that, it's only a matter of cooking the sauce down.The strainer is a great addition to my kitchen.
I run the expelled skins through again to get them most out of them.
Also works great for making applesauce.I did want to post another warning about blackberries.
I read some of the previous reviews about blackberries, both on this site and HarvestForum, and found conflicting advice.
I decided to try it and watch carefully.
I got through just two pints of blackberries and heard the motor sound like it was starting to labor, and immediately stopped.
I was really lucky that the seam didn't split, and I didn't damage my motor on my KitchenAid.
Note that the issue isn't with the screen size, it is with the end of the funnel on the screen itself actually clogging.EileenB.
Used a manual version of this last year, and then when I was looking at Kitchen Aid for different attachment I came across this.
I bought this to assist with the harvest season, and it has worked marvelously.
From prepping tomatoes to make apple sauce, this attachment has paid for itself already with how efficiently it works.
If you have a kitchenaid and a garden, you will definitely want to add this attachment to your collection.
I bought this to speed up the process of canning tomatoes.
It does an excellent job of separating the seeds and skin from the rest.
One note when using it for this purpose, run the separated pulp through a second time to extract more.
It works great for the homemade tomatoe juice and sauce.
It is easy to use and easy to clean.
To fully take advantage of it, like shred/chop/grind, make your own pasta/ice cream.
If you're looking to buy this attachment, look into the FPPA as it is an excellent value.
The MSRP on the FFPA attachment pack retails for $179.99 but on Amazon.com, the current price is $113.75.
They are essentially the same BUT the FVSP are the pieces that you attach to the FGA to strain your fruits & vegetables.
If you do not have the FGA, then you CANNOT use the FVSP.
You will need to buy the FVSFGA which is a combo pack of the grinder & strainer in one box.
Apples were 79 cents a pound at my local grocer, so I thought why not test it out.
I was actually surprised at how quickly this thing ran through the 4 apples that I bought.
It is somewhat messy, but it does the job.
I heard you can make your own tomato sauce, which I haven't done yet.
but I love Italian food and that will be my next project.
I've used this to make tomato juice several times this summer and it works reasonably well.
I found this attachment when looking for an alternative to my labor-intensive hand-crank food mill for processing tomatoes to freeze.
Still, given its efficiency and ease of use, I highly recommend this product.
This attachment requires the prior purchase of food grinder.
The strainer worked the first time exactly as advertised, quick and easy.
The total elapsed time to make a brimming 2 quarts of applesauce, including canning water bath, was about an hour.
So much faster than food mill, as you only have to chunk the fruit before cooking.
I placed the mixer next to the sink, so the discarded peel ect.
dropped into the sink, and silky applesauce into a bowl.
I used a pyrex 1 cup measure to load the hopper, and it worked as fast as I could reload.
I can't wait for next year's tomato sauce prep.
A wonderfully useful addition to my Kitchen Aid appliance.
I plan to use it for years and periodically to loan to my neighbor.
I bought this to juice my wheat grass and it works well.
However, sometimes the grass gets stuck in the beginning of the funnel.
I stop the mixer take off the funnel and put the grass back through no problem.
So I went looking and found that since I already had the Food Grinder, I only needed the FVSP for it.
Saved some money & made the attachment I had serve even better.This attachment is wonderful, I love it and wish I'd bought this sooner.
Now when I make homemade Apple Butter, I don't even have to peel my apples.
This is the best way to make apple sauce and butter that I have ever found.
It is very easy to assemble and wash also.
I'll be using this next year with a bumper crop of tomatoes! It is a HUGE time saver!.
When doing tomatoes for sauce, spaghetti sauce, pizza sauce, and even use it for making my tomatoes for paste.
I used this to strain cooked apples for applesauce and it did an amazing job of separating out the skins and seeds.
It is easy to assemble, attach, and clean up.
If you are canning, it makes short work of large volumes.
I have used this vegetable strainer to puree tomatoes for tomato sauce.
I have also used this strainer to make applesauce.
It is extremely easy to use.For tomato sauce, I cored and quartered tomatoes and placed them in a large pot with a little water.
After they were softened, I strained the tomatos.
I then placed the cooked apples through the vegetable strainer.
The peels and seeds were very cleanly separated from the applesauce.When straining vegetables, this stainer does make a mess.
But it saves me so much time that I don't mind the clean up.
The first time I made spaghetti sauce was 5 years ago...I used a foodmill, stood in front of the stove stirring.
I thought I would never do that again.
I don't know why I hesitated buying this.
To be precise, we now have three Kitchen aid appliances from a small food processor to the larger version.
However, the Kitchen Aid stand mixer was the first of them.
I appreciate that this is a useful attachment to a great product.
I use it to help prepare foods for canning.
It is a little messy, but there are messier ways that are not nearly as efficient.
pot of apples in under an hour - from set up to clean up.
(Ok, the apples were already softened.)I just could not bring myself to buy the attachment for the top (bigger holder costing $20).
So, I used a 2 quart funnel that I previously bought from Amazon.
I just cut off about 1 1/2 inches of the bottom of the funnel and put that into the feed.
(It was the first time I used the attachments (both of them.))  I just didn't have the mixer on #4.
I did tomatoes, again, and it was wonderful!  I loved not having to peel and core them.
It will save you a boatload of time and effort.
The little bit of splatter on the counter is minimal.Clean-up:  You might want to buy a small bottle brush and a bigger bottle brush.
The little one gets into the cones (strainer and swirling core) and cleans the tips.
The larger one works well on the strainer part, too, but you need the little brush for it, too.
I purchased the KitchenAid FVSP Fruit and Vegetable Strainer to add to my Food Grinder attachment for my KitchenAid mixer.
I do a lot of freezing and canning so wanted something that could speed up the job of making sauce.
I had used a Foley Food Mill in past seasons and it was a lot of hard work.
I did the 20 tomatoes in less than 30 minutes.
The sauce was wonderful with no seeds or skin in it.
I cannot wait to use it for applesauce as I will be processing about two bushels of apples.
Rinsing it immediately worked very well and I did not have a problem getting it clean.
Bought this product to make smooth baby food.
For that purpose, this is NOT the best product, but in order to understand why, I have to explain how this product works.
The screw-like contraption pushes food around and around through the metal cone-like strainer.
Those leftover skins, etc, are pushed completely out of the strainer and are caught in a bowl.
But for foods that don't have waste, like carrots, some of the food is just pushed out.
For small quantities, there is an awful lot of waste that gets pushed out by the screw.
It neatly pushed the peels out, and I put them through again to eke out just a little more.
For large quantities, this thing really does the trick.
If only I could make it chop onions and tomatoes!.
I haven't used this, but will be using it for my garden produce this summer.
If it is as good as my other attachments, I will love it, too.
This little gizmo made canning a cinch this year.
I put so many tomatoes and apples through it, it definitely earned its keep.
My onlly complaint is that it is rather difficult to clean bits out of the screen.
I have taken to using the hose outside and using all the water pressure my well can muster and then it comes clean.
My husband and I can a fair share of tomato sauce every year.
Prior to buying this attachment, we used a hand-crank vegetable strainer.
It was great, but this product took a good idea and ran with it.
For anyone who owns a KitchenAid Stand Mixer, this was well-worth the money.
It grinds raw tomatoes to a thick sauce, disgarding the seeds and skins to a separate discharge funnel.
Place two bowls under both the tomato sauce end and the skins/ seeds ends, turn on a switch and you're in business.
Par-cooked apples are easily processed into scads of delicious home-made applesauce.
If this one wears out, we're getting another!.
Had this for a little over 2 months and it's been more than helpful!! Cut down processing time of tomatoes to almost nothing.
Just clean, core, give a squeeze to get out the extra juice and maybe chunk so they'll fit into the chute.
I just sliced those and sent them through, seeds and all.
this is easy to make the fruit and vegetable to be the juice..and easy to clean.
Generally I've been satisfied with all Kitchen Aid attachments, but this one is a little different.
For the price I could buy myself a stand alone grain mill with more features and save the load on my beloved workhorse.
The device says in the directions not to try oily seeds or grain.
Naturally that is one of the first things I tried.
This high quality mill depends on gravity for the ejection of end product.
End product instead of &#34;flour&#34; because it grinds coarse corn meal, grits and other dry foods just fine.
I have heard that KitchenAid has a very good return and repair service;  I'll probably never know.
We have had this grinder for about 3 years now and we love it.
If you keep in mind a few things, you shouldn't have any problems.
First off, you should only grind no more than 5 cups at one time, otherwise you risk burning out your motor.
Also, I only put my setting on '2'.
It may take a bit longer to grind, but I still have a mixer to use afterwards.
First time on a coarser setting then run it through again to a finer grind.
We ground some berries and made some great bread.
I've used this several times with my Professional 5 Plus mixer with no problems.
I have started from the coarsest setting and progressed to the finest.
It could be I haven't used it enough yet.This is very noisy, with a slightly high pitch, grinder.
I gave 4 stars because the grinder will only grind low-moisture, non-oily grains.
My husband got this attachment for me years ago and it still works great.
I re-packed and returned it for a full refund after 2 or 3 cranks.
The Kitchen Aide GMA Grain Mill proved to be a fantastic grinder at a very affordable price.
Thank you Kitchen Aide for the perfect grain grinder for a home baking enthusiast like me.
Buyers, if you purchase this grain mill you will be very satisfied with the results and the soft touch to your pocket book.
But just on the meat grinder alone, I'm giving this set 5 stars.
Sturdy as all get-out, easy to assemble/disassemble, easy to clean.
Once I cleared that out, the process continued quite without incident.
I have used the grinder to grind some pork.
Pros:  It is not a separate bulky machine to store.
I bought this and I use the grinder all the time.
So I will have to come back and tell you about that.
For for the grinder it don't take long for meat to grind up in it.
I use it at least once a week.
I bought these to go along with the mixer a year ago.
I wouldn't recommend buying them unles you realy plan to use them.
Takes up a lot of drawer space in kitchen.
SOOOOOO much stuff for the money, and soooo much fun.
Had to go to the grocery store just to get stuff to try out in it.
A block of cheese can be shredded in  seconds and be all natural with out the starches.
Julian carrots for meatloaf along with peppers and onions.
I got a great deal on pork and beef  so I came home and made my OWN hamburgers and pre froze them.
They sell a stand mixers  bible on Amazon and it has over 300 recipes  on sausage and  other  things.
A lot of these recipes require these attachments.
The attachments in this set include the meat grinder, the shredder/slicer, and a juicer.
I purchased this for my Mom, but I've used all but the juicer for years.
The KitchenAid is an indispensable kitchen tool, and these attachments just serve to make it all the more useful.
If you won't use all three, don't buy this packaged deal - buy the ones you'll use individually.
If you're country folk and regularly grind hunting meat, read the other reviews on how well (or not well) this works.
Because you can then buy an expensive steak and turn it into ground beef.
And I have to admit, sometimes I do even have fun with it.The slicer/shredder - this one is debatable.
On one hand, this is WAY too much of a hassle to take out just to slice/shred a small amount of food.
Allow me to illustrate if you need to shred 1 cup of cheddar cheese.
Option 1 - you don't buy the slicer/shredder.
You reach into the cabinet, grab your dime store shredder, place it over a cutting board, and start shredding by hand.
Option 2 - you buy the slicer/shredder, thus feeling obligated to use it.
You take the mixer cover off your mixer.
Take out your manual and remember how to attach it.
Attach the 5 parts together or whatever it is.
Take out a knife and sharpen it, take out your cutting board, and slice the cheese into smaller blocks.
Feed the pieces of cheese through the mixer.
Time to complete task:  3-5 minutes depending on how often you've done this.
HOWEVER, if you have a large family or love to entertain, this is AWESOME.
So think about what you'd actually use this for, and then decide.The strainer - this one is also debatable.
I use it to make soups, and it separates out the solids, which most recipes don't account for.
I use the Mixer Bible to get the most out of my attachments, and they almost always use the strainer for soups.
Technically I'm pretty sure that a food processor or blender is better.
This is a great value for the set of tools you get.
He does not use this attachment a lot because has a bigger one he uses when he has a lot to mix.
If you want to get the most use out of your stand mixer investment, this is a must have.
I would say that I use the meat grinder the most.
I like being able to hand pick the cut of meat that I want and then trim the fat off myself.
That way I know exactly what I'm getting.
Plus, its fun too!  Cleanup isn't a breaze, but its not too difficult either.
For a guy, this is a great way to bring gadgets into the kitchen.
I love my KitchenAid mixer and these attachments make  me love it even more! A must have for any job in the kitchen.
This year we bought her the Atachment Pack, Cover, and Juicer.
She was so excited to get this years additions and will be anxious to try everything.
She even wants to start making all juices fresh and wants to try her skill at canning.
Given the tools we can keep the old traditions going forward.
There are more attachments I can get for her and will be continueing each Christmas until they have the full set.
I have used the grinder and the shredder attachment and found them both easy to use and both worked well.
My son and his girlfriend love these attachments.
It is great for slicing and shredding as well.
It has just about everything that you need for your KitchenAid mixer.
There is nothing better than to have fresh sliced veggies, strained juice from fruit, and fresh ground meat for a meal.
I purchased the sausage tube to go with the meat grinder to make my own sausage from deer and elk meat, and pork as well.
Great mixer and the attachments are awesome and quite handy as well.
Wonderful set of attachments that have come in so handy.
Do not know how i got along with out them before.
To fully take advantage of it, like shred/chop/grind, make your own pasta/ice cream.
you need accessories to fully take advantage of it.First of all, this bundle is an EXCELLENT value.
The MSRP on the FFPA attachment pack retails for $179.99 but on Amazon.com, the current price is $113.75.
FVSP - Fruit/Vegetable StrainerBuying this bundle means you get everything that comes with the attachments if you were to buy them separately.
I will review each one...First is the (RVSA) Roto Slicer w/ Shredder.
The two different cones for slicing/shredding are basically used for how finely (or coarsely/thick) you want your food to be shredded or chopped.
If you're working on a feast, the removal of the cones while the attachment is installed is a snap.
I've not only sliced things like zucchinni, carrots, and cucumbers of varying thickness to test, but I've also shredded things various block cheeses.
This thing is simply amazing!Based on other reviews, it has been mentioned that these cones are not stainless steel, rather but chromed steel.
If the chrome ever comes off, then you will expose the steel.
If you didn't know, regular steel WILL rust.
So rather than taking a chance with my cones, I have been very careful and have throughly dried them after each wash.
Proper care will go a long way.Other reviews say to use pliers to remove your cones (if they are hard to remove).
Despite making it easier, any metal on metal will scratch.
Scratching your cones means you will remove the chrome.
Removing the chrome means eventual rust and ruining your cones.
Take proper care of your cones!!My second favorite is the (FGA) Food Grinder.
The softer the meat, the more "mushy" the consistency will be.
One caveat to the food grinder is that you need to try and avoid meats that have really big chunks of fat.
I tried it on several occasions and they just don't grind that well.
They are essentially the same BUT the FVSP are the pieces that you attach to the FGA to strain your fruits & vegetables.
If you do not have the FGA, then you cannot use the FVSP.
You will need to buy the FVSFGA which is a combo pack of the grinder & strainer in one box.
Apples were 79 cents a pound at my local grocer, so I thought why not test it out.
I was actually surprised at how quickly this thing ran through the 4 apples that I bought.
It is somewhat messy, but it does the job.
I heard you can make your own tomato sauce, which I haven't done yet.
but I love Italian food and that will be my next project.Again.
I think this attachment pack is an EXCELLENT value.
It gives you everything you need to grind/chop/shred/strain, which gives you that much more of a dimension of use for your KitchenAid mixer.
These attachments are everything and more that I thought they should be.
They are easily attached and work great for my needs.
I also feel I got a great deal here on Amazon compared to purchasing these items from the dealer or wholesale dept.
I purchased this accessory kit to enhance the Kitchen Aid mixer.
Just got done using the meat grinder part to make ham salad.
I have a KitchenAid and I must say, they are as good as their high reputation.
I bought the mixer mainly to make bread, but what makes it even better are the accessories.
These convert the stand mixer/dough maker into a vegetable processor, grinder and sausage maker.
There is also a grain grinder that really works quite well.
Here are the pros and cons of this set, as I see it:Pros:You get a decent meat grinder with two blades, coarse and fine.
This means you can make ground turkey with no additives, ground chicken without added fat, or fresh ground beef.
It's just a couple of pieces of molded plastic.
For heaven's sake, include it.The slicer is a bit clunky.
If you don't put the bowl to catch the shreds just right, you get slaw all over.
And sometimes it is hard to get the cone off the flanges of the connecting pin that fits into the mixer attachment point.
It's very good quality plastic and metal, though the cone blade finish seems a bit crude to me.
I can recommend it, with the reservations I mentioned.
Since I bought my Kitchenaid I have bought several attachments, and this has turned out very useful.
We have used it to make blackberry jelly, strawberry jelly, and other foods.
You do not get seeds in the juice like most.
I don't need to worry about grinding up meats either this grinder rocks.
I've used some of these attachments a few times now and have YET 2 B disappointed in any way.
Getting the cone separated from the pin that inserts to the motor is very difficult.
My husband had to give me a tool to assist with that.
Now, it comes apart a little easier with each use.
don't give up, just find a way to dissassemble for cleaning until the parts break-in a little.
I used the slicer/shredder attachment to slice onions and squash last night, and I liked how easy it is to assemble and use.
I think KitchenAid builds nice, sturdy mixers and attachments.
It's very easy to change the slicing/shredding cones.
The plastic pusher could swing open a little wider, but that would probably allow too large pieces of food to be placed in the hopper.
Using the mixer for slicing veggies is much quieter than using the food processor I had before.
I haven't tried it on grinding meat yet, but will probably use it for that after Thanksgiving and update this review soon after.
The parts of this attachment are easier to clean than my old food processor blades and parts, too.
Overall, I'm very happy with this attachment pack so far.
I bought this attachment pack just after buying my KitchenAid, in the early 80's.
The other thing I've had to work out is that I'm only 5'4&quot; and the mixer is tall.
These user issues are why I've given the attachments 4 stars, not 5.
Otherwise, they are good, and have seen a lot of use over the years, especially in canning season.
The pieces all seem durable, I have no concerns about them not lasting.
It takes the time out of preparing things like scalloped potatoes or salads.
It would be nice if it had a shield over the end to direct the veggies down into a bowl.
I really like this and it attaches so easy and is easy to use and clean.
At first, putting it together seemed to be very complicated.
After several times of using it, I finally got the hang of it.
I have only used the meat grinder once, but it really worked well on deer meat.
I haven't used the slicer and shreader that often, mainly because I have a food processor that I use for those tasks.
I purchased this set at least 7 years ago; to go with my Pro 6 KA 6 qt Stand Mixer (8+ years old now).
At first, seeing lots of plastic, I was a bit worried.
Yet, after first use, my hesitations were gone.
The plastic is very sturdy, along with the very strong nylon and stainless steel pieces.
This attachment does a decent job with shredding and slicing, but it will not produce as uniform results as a food processor.
I used it for making my own tomato sauce and it did a good job.
If I were heavier into making my own sauces, salsas, etc.
I'd highly recommend the entire set to someone who is wanting and will use all of the attachments.
Yet, for those that already have a good food processor, I'd recommend getting the meat/food grinder attachment above the other two.
--This helps keep both your stand mixer and attachments in very good condition.
I used the meat grinder and it worked pretty good.
It's true that there's not much instruction manual or parts identification for these product.
I ground at least 6-7 pound of beef with the grinder effortless.
My laziness on not removing most of the grizzle bits ended up collecting too much at the cutter part.
It took me a while to figure where the meat pusher/tamper was.
I keep looking for a brown tamper that I see on individual meat grinder package.
Turns out the end of the wrench is a tamper to push meat into the grinder.
Washing was very easy.I haven't use the food slicer or strainer yet.
The slicer construction is filmsy and not well constructed as salad shooter.
A little cheaper material which I agree with one reviewer.
So I can't comment on that till I use them.
Definitely a good value and buy on this.
It's sturdy enough for light to normal use.
Bought a second set so friends could borrow my old set during applesauce making.
That way I have it here when I need it.
My wife really likes her kitchen-aid mixer and attachment which makes me happy because she like baking me all kinds of goodies!.
I bought this set of attachments for my mother.
What a great idea to be able to use one appliance for so many different uses.
I tried two attachments: the grinder and the shredder.
They works great and easy to clean (but the grinder, depends of the meat you can have a little more work because of the fat).
First, I am reviewing the meat-grinding part only.
And for that I give this attachment five stars.
I've used mine for at least 15 years and it has always performed flawlessly in that aspect.
If you want to make pasta all the time invest in a set.
I use mine every week for Sunday dinner.
It's easy, cheap, fun and you control ingredients.
This is one super meat grinder!!! As top notch as the mixer it runs off of.
Just not worth the risk when we can do it ourselves, save money and the quality can't be beat.
Now the pasta maker attachments, I haven't yet tried.
i had bought myself a kitchen aid mixer after wanting one for years and decided to purchase the accessories i'd use most.
this set of pasta plates for on the grinder attachment are very neat.
i was a little worried about them being plastic, but i've used them quite a few times and haven't had a problem.
you get a nice variety of pasta shapes, and it makes you look like a gourmet chef when you make your own pasta from scratch.
a must have for any pasta lover, or aspiring chef!.
I just started using the pasta plastic dies with the food grinder attachment on my KitchenAid artisan.
I must say that it is easy to extrude the pasta dough thru the plates  contrary to what others here will have you believe.
My first batch of fettucini came out okay but the noodles got stuck together.
It was my fault for not resting the dough 15 minutes since I ran it thru the extruder right away after kneading.
I have only tried the basic egg noodle/pasta recipe.
I will experiment with samolina flour and see what happens with that dough.This is definitely a lot easier than the manual pasta roller/cutter combination.
After reading these reviews, I thought the product would be awful.
But I borrowed it from my neighbor and its great.
Let the pasta rest in the fridge for 20 minutes before putting it into the machine.
Ignore the instructions that come with the machine and do NOT run the machine at speed #10, only run it at speed #2.
It works jsut as fast and does not get the motor hot.
Let the pasta dry and cook!  Great noodles.
The motor runs at 550 volts.I'm just sorry this is not more available.
My neighbor bought it from kitchenaid for $40 not a long time ago and now its not available and people are selling for $90, sad.
Love the container that holds all the blades, bowl clips, etc.
It keeps it all together, so I'm not constantly looking and rummaging through drawers to find the parts.
However, I was not aware that I needed the grinder to be able to use these blades.
I thought they were add ons for my pasta rollers (duh! right?)  Anyway, I had to order the grinder before using these blades.
I just received the grinder, so have not had a chance to use the blades yet.
These attachments make fresh home made pasta a complete doddle.
I only use store-bought pasta for shapes that aren't covered between the attachments (use these for round pasta).
This is very easy to use and easy to clean.
It takes a little practice to get the length perfect, but that's part of the fun.
The bowl clips that come in the set are an added bonus because they are extremely helpful when kneading stiff bread and cookie doughs.
I got the mixer for Christmas a number of years ago.
They are easy to put on and easy to clean up afterwards.
I've had one of these for 15 years.
For Christmas this year my dad bought my mom a Kitchen Aide, so I themed along and bought her this attachment.
That's pretty good when it comes to buying my mother gifts, she can be a little hard to shop for.
I have had this attachment for more than a decade and I love how easy it is to use and clean.
Unlike some of the other reviewers I never had any difficulty disassembling the attachment when I needed to remove it from the machine.
It is very helpful that you don't have to stop and empty the bowl to continue shredding.
That is the single biggest advantage the KitchenAid attachment has over the food processor.I do usually slice with my food processor instead of this machine.
I think that is just out of habit.
In most cases this attachment will eliminate the need for a food processor.
If you have a small kitchen you might want to give this attachment a try before buying a separate food processor.
This attachment takes up very little room when it is being stored.
There is no easier or quicker way to make large quantities of hashbrowns.
The instructions were pretty unclear to me the first time I tried to use it.
Cleaning is a breeze (very few nooks & crannies for food to get stuck in during a rinse).
The attachment does have difficulty processing smaller items, and fails to shred/chop/whatever a small bit of one side of objects put in.
A bit of a pain to clean but worth it.
We probably use this attachment more than anything in our kitchen, it gets used at least once a day.
Excellent product as are all KitchenAid products that I have ever used.
Each and every attachment I have used with my KitchenAid mixer operates perfectly.
I used to shred my potatoes, cabbage and carrots by a small hand grater and would almost every time get my finder or hand cut.
Now I use these attachments three or more times a week.
My husband loves hash browns and coleslaw so much that this machine in a few months has been worth the money.
Very sturdy addition to my Kitchen Aid mixer, Should last a long time, great for cheese and fruits that I will add to my mixes.
I like the heavy, metal cones - they work well for shredding and slicing.
The only thing I don't like is the pushing attachment.
Still, it's a great timesaver and my husband loves salads now that I can get all the veggies sliced into small pieces.
Gone are the days of grated knuckles and uneven slices.
how did I manage in my kitchen before the KitchenAid mixer came into my life?.
If I had to say one negative it would be about the instruction booklet.
Beats all my hand tools by a mile for speed.
I was looking for some nice accessories to my inherited mixer.
I love this attachment! Dont know how I lived without it.
I would always pull a chunk of cheese from the fridge, hand grate what I needed ( what a pain ) and clean up.
I can do more at a time and clean up is quick.
I treated myself to a new 5 qt.
Kitchenaid stand mixer before Christmas and decided I needed a few attachments to make my splurge more worthwhile.
I had very good luck with hard foods like carrots, potatoes and hard cheese.
Other foods were better sliced by my Cuisinart.
My husband likes to cook with me and has become a fan of Kitchenaid.
After 25 years the attachment developed a crack and needed to be replaced.
My only regret is that they do not sell the attachement holder by itself, you have to buy the whole package.
But for sliceing, shredding etc this is a must have for your kithchenaid.
In spite of a lot of bad reviews I really wanted to try this after I (again) cut my fingers on a slicer.
I do the main cooking and my husband does a lot of my shredding and he loves this.
We use this to shred carrots, cheese, cucumbers and assorted other foods.
Stands up well to very, very heavy use on a daily basis.
When one buys Kitchenaid products, high quality is expected.
Everything works as expected, good sturdy steel shredder and slicer with a heavy, sturdy plastic body.
I bought this set for my sister because I love mine so much.
I bought this because I had a food processer, but the motor burned up in it.
I thought it would be more useful because it takes less room.
To fully take advantage of it, like shred/chop/grind, make your own pasta/ice cream.
If you're looking to buy this attachment, look into the FPPA as it is an excellent value.
The MSRP on the FPPA attachment pack retails for $179.99 but on Amazon.com, the current price is $113.75.
The two different cones for slicing/shredding are basically used for how finely (or coarsely/thick) you want your food to be shredded or chopped.
If you're working on a feast, the removal of the cones while the attachment is installed is a snap.
I've not only sliced things like zucchinni, carrots, and cucumbers of varying thickness to test, but I've also shredded things various block cheeses.
This thing is simply amazing!Based on other reviews, it has been mentioned that these cones are not stainless steel, rather but chromed steel.
If the chrome ever comes off, then you will expose the steel.
If you didn't know, regular steel WILL rust.
So rather than taking a chance with my cones, I have been very careful and have throughly dried them after each wash.
Proper care will go a long way.Other reviews say to use pliers to remove your cones (if they are hard to remove).
Despite making it easier, any metal on metal will scratch.
Scratching your cones means you will remove the chrome.
Removing the chrome means eventual rust and ruining your cones.
I was a little skeptical when I ordered this attachment but I think its worth every penny now that I've used it.
I have soft water and have had no issues with rust as other reviewers have mentioned.
I hand wash and leave on the counter to air dry.
The attachments are not very sharp but they work well enough if the items are VERY cold.
I'm not sure if they've changed the design, but my attachments are not chromed, just steel, so there's no chance of flaking.
(My manual kitchenaid cheese shredder is chromed for comparison).
I shred a block of cheese a week and I actually look forward to it now!.
She loved it! Says she has used it several times and all is well.
This attachment works wonderfully for cheese.A note on disassembly.
Some people have difficulty getting the cone off the plug (if you own one you know what I'm talking about).
The very easy way to remedy this is to remove the cone from the plug before removing the plug from the machine.
If you follow this one rule you will have very easy setup and take down.
I bought this after seeing a similar looking hand cranking device at the Phila.
After watching the salesperson crank out an entire salad in under 2 minutes, I wanted it.
I went home and bought this one for 50 dollars.
Utilizing the power of the mixer is ingenious.
This was easily remedied by spending about 15 minutes on a 1" bandsander loaded with 220 grit and putting an edge on each "blade".
With practice, I've improved, but the cuts still look a little funky, especially when you start approaching the nub of the vegetable.
It is extremely fun to use, and cleanup is pretty easy.
If you have a kitchenaid mixer, you should definitely buy this attachment.
Love my Kitchen aid! I bought this for a friend since she got a new KitchenAid as well.
She loves it! We both love that we can do so many things with our KitchenAid.
The down side is that grating our own very hard imported cheeses (parmaesan and romano) can be hard on the plastic body of the shredder.
No worries, every 3-4 years we purchase another and grate more.
The freshly grated cheeses are so worth it, and were we not grating so much, so often, I'm sure one would have lasted a lifetime.
I purchased the shredder/slicer attachments when I bought the mixer so it was all totally new to me.
I had never had a Kitchen Aid before.
I have experimented with the different cones & discovered that for shredding the bigger one is definitely better - the small one is too mushy.
I LOVE the fact that you can vary the speed & it does shred & slice quickly.
It's one of those attachments you have to have.
It helps a lot, works perfectly, saves space and it's easy to use and clean.
I have an old Kitchen Aid mixer and these fit perfectly and were a great addition to the mixer's accessories.
Use these and the first time you'll be kicking yourself you didn't get it sooner.
So far I've shredded cheese for lasagna and shredded potatoes for hash browns.
Both the cheese and potatoes (skins and all) went through like butter.
Zero problems with the cheese and oh my god did I mention how fast it was? 1lb of cheese in under a minute.
I read a few reviews where people had problems but I just don't see how that's possible.
Take your time, read the directions, and you'll be fine.I really should have gotten this sooner.
This was a gift for a family member.
Very nice, we have wore out one and are on our second set ourselves.
It does a nice job of shredding and slicing.
I just received this as a wedding gift, and I've only just used it once, so I can't speak to long term use.
I shredded some red potatoes for hash browns, and I was pleased with the results.
Plus, I didn't cut up the potatoes but just shredded them whole, which seemed to work well enough.
I HATE shredding, and while I have a KA food processor with the shredder blades, those never really worked for me.
So, while I will have to test with fruits, cheese, and other dairy, I'm pleased with this so far.
I'm a little confused by reviews that this cannot go in the dishwasher; my manual says everything but the shaft is dishwasher safe.
This attachment saves time, elbow grease, and quite possibly your knuckles!  It makes quick work of chopping nuts or shredding cheese, carrots, etc.
Clean up could not be easier - simply disassemble the attachment's 3 pieces and pop them in the dishwasher.
I do recommend keeping a pair of pliers handy because after use, the steel shredder cup is difficult to detach from the center shaft.
Although this attachment is awkward to store due to its shape, its benefits far outweigh this minor drawback.
I recommend this as an essential additional purchase for anyone who owns a KitchenAid stand mixer.
One of the best things about it is that it shreds directly into an external bowl, so it can't get full, or compress the cheese.
If the bowl starts getting full, I just turn it off, put another bowl in front of it, and turn it back on.
It gets power directly from the drive shaft of the stand mixer, so nothing slows it down.My salad shooter is now relegated to the basement!.
After all the pro's and con's there are limits to what to use in this system.
firm, solid items work out very well , if they are soft or ripe, you will get a mushie mess.
Tried slicing a pepperoni stick for my pizza and was surprised that it worked.
I have owned this shreader for a number of years, and it is great if you're shreading a large amount.
It is easy to attach, easy to use and makes quick work of grateing  and slicing.
I bought this mainly to do shredded cheese.
We preferred fresh so when I did my first pound I was thrilled with the results.
Getting ready to make a coleslaw because I know how much easier it is going to be then cutting by hand.
the only thing you need to do is to read the instructions.
easy to use the sausage.use together with the Grinder Attachment, very good use,and this part is also easy to clean.
I have run quite a bit of meat through this attachment...does a very nice job and is easily cleaned.
these come in really  handy for sausage stuffing, i've also used them to grab off pieces and roll into meatballs for soups and sauces.
This was a fun little off the trail kinda purchase.
We don't make sausage a whole lot but when we do it is so nice to have what you need!.
I've used this to make several pounds of various sausages, and it works well.
Clean up is easy in the dishwasher, provided you can keep up with the little &#34;plug&#34; ring.
I needed the Sausage Stuffer Kit to form the sausages.
:) :)  This will be easier to form them, instead of making them by hand.
It fit's the grinder attachment  with a tight fit and comes with two tubes  for different size casings.
It's a lot of fun and  a great way to enjoy a night of drinking  beer and making sausage with your hunting buddies.
If you have a grinder attachment , this is a must!.
After making one batch-I added my own directions-#1-I placed a serving platter on a box to catch the sausage as it filled.
#2-I greased not only the outside of the tube but also the inside as well as the auger.
6 on the mixer instead of #4.I also removed the blade and plate as per the instructions included in the stuffer box.
I do not like the plunger at all either, but using the higher speed on the machine, it appeared to work better.
A dowel type pusher should be included with the stuffer kit.I double ground the turkey-first grind on coarse.
then added spices etc and some chicken stock, then I reground the seasoned meat with the fine plate.
I only had to pierce the casings twice.
No vacumn bubbles, no problem with plunger at all and barely any waste.
I also added some wine to the ground pork mixture.
All  my issues solved and made the sausage making a pleasure.
This is good for small batches of sausage making.
He uses it with his 6 quart stand mixer.
My son only wishes we had given him the 8 quart mixer.
Can't argue with the price but had a lot of trouble with air build up.
Once I figured out to tape a stick between the casing and the attachment, the system worked much better.
I make about 10lbs of sausages a month and depending on the season, sometimes more so needed to have this.
Once you realize how it properly is assembled for stuffing, you realize how great a product it is.
If you don't remove these, it will seem impossible to stuff a full length casing.
And you can't beat the price, or the convenience (it actually fits in the box with the meat grinder, so zero extra storage space needed!.
I purchased this to go with the other KitchenAid attachments I have.
I hunt and love to eat fresh sausage.
I have had friends and family who have made their own deer and elk sausage, and they were so delicious.
Now can make home made sausages and stuff them which is a great advantage for home cooking.
Am very glad I got this with the KitchenAid system that I purchased.
Very simple attachment for the meat grinder attachment.
Small one is well suited for lamb casings or smaller casing for things like breakfast links.
KitchenAid SSA Sausage Stuffer Kit Attachment for Food Grinderthis product is exactly as described an worked as expected with the Kitchen Aid meat grinder.
It also works great to stuff banana and small hot peppers.
I love this used it once so far.
Not hard to use and easy to clean.
I think its a nice gift for a stand mixer owner.
It's obvious you'll need this along with the grinder attachment if you want to make homemade sausages.
Works like a champ and my first batch came out perfect.
Remeber to CHILL,CHILL & CHILL ! You don't want meat to get warm, as it gets difficult to process.
I think a lot of problems are arising from people not using it properly.
I can still feed in the meat witout any issues.
You do have to hold a bowl when catching the meat you're grinding.
My suspicion is that people tried grinding and stuffing that same time.
I wasn't trying to feed the meat slowly or anything and I had absolutely no issues.
I made 2 batches of sausages so far (grinding first, spicing it up, and then stuffing) and have not witnessed that problem.
As compared to spending a hundred dollars or so on a dedicated stuffing device, this little attachment is a tremendous value.
This is compounded by the very cold meat, which requires more effort to push into the grinder hole.
Slow means it probably took 20 minutes to stuff 3lbs worth of sausage.
Compared to what I have read a dedicated stuffer can do that is slow.
I used this for processing my deer this past winter.
It already helps to prevent any splatter at all.
I just put this right on the outside of the grill for the grinder.
I didn't use the plastic piece like instructed because I needed the blade.
In 1981 I received an issue of Cook's Magazine that had a number of sausage recipes.
I tried them all with the KitchenAid stuffer in 3 pound batches.
After a few attempts it works perfectly and makes great sausage.Tip: Season the meat after it is ground, unlike other instructions say.
You get a more complete mix of spices.Tip: Homemade sausage "cures" overnight in the refrigerator for a better taste!.
I bought this attachment with the intention of making boudain blanc, one of my husband's family favorites.
I'd also ordered a box ofEastman Outdoors 38672 Natural Hog Casings, for 25-Pounds of Sausagefrom Amazon.
(See my review on that product.) Together, they worked just fine.The instructions are very clear about putting shortening on the outside of the stuffer tube.
I operated the stuffer and grinder while my husband guided the stuffed casing to the counter, twisting into links as needed.
Saw a few negative reviews...but found them not accurate as far as the product I purchased.
It is very sturdy and efficient and works great grinding meat etc.
It fits on your stand mixer, and stuffs sausage.
Not much more it's expected to do really.
I give it 4 stars because how cheap it is and what a great platform it is to start from.
Read my complaints below.Prior to this product, I had no knowledge on sausage making.
I bought this stuffer with high hopes, but am a little disappointed.
It is a great (and inexpensive) platform to start from, if you have the Kitchenaid Food Grinder Attachment (FGA).
Grinding meat that high is no big deal for me.
Making sausage by yourself at eye level/chin level is not the easiest.
There are a ton of great videos, recipes and tips out there.
I love it all attachment for my profesional mixer kitchen aid and no problem will buy more if needed ;).
The tube is short, only allowing about 3 feet of casing on it, which is fine for home use.
This easily replaced another plastic sausage stuffer I had on my Krups meat grinder that was damaged.
This works well with my very old Kitchen Aid.
If you're thinking of trying to make homemade sausage you should know it's not difficult.
You can save a few bucks and make sausage with quality ingredients that don't include the sweepings from the butcher shop floor.
There are lots of web sites with recipes and techniques for all kinds of sausage, casings and seasonings to order, everything you need.
Product was from KitchenAid and worked well and the deliveery was excelent.
no problem to order other items from Amazon.
Works as I expected, was a little awkward the 1st couple times I used it but got the hang of it quickly.
KitchenAid SSA Sausage Stuffer Kit Attachment for Food GrinderThis product works very well; a very basic product.
It took me a little while to make a sausage shape and to get each sausage the same.
It only works with the food Grinder Kit.
Been looking for something like this everywhere but no one carries it in store.
my parents want to make home made sausages for us and for our baby, and tried different home made tubes, all failed quite badly.
This one comes in handy and very easy to use and clean.
Used it the first time i made sausage and i will continue to use it all the time.
Got carpal tunnel cramming the meat into the mixer.
Any pasta roller you buy will give you essentially the same result -- deliciously light, succulent noodles that you want to eat for every meal.
Hand-cranked rollers, however, are a *lot* of work, and they're usually quickly relegated to a back cabinet for special-occasion use because of this.
A few months ago, I tried to make tortellini by hand, without a pasta maker.
As you might imagine, the dough came out way too thick.
After doing some research into hand cranks vs.
I am so happy I went with this!  Making pasta was so effortless.
Either way, by doing it properly the attachment is not loose at all.
I learned to make pasta on dedicated pasta rolling machines in an Italian restaurant.
I was disappointed with KitchenAid's other pasta maker, an extruder type device that I found near-impossible to use.
So I finally coughed up the money to purchase the roller attachment and I've been very pleased with it.
I can make a large batch suitable for a dinner party and be all cleaned up in about one hour.
My only complaint is I would prefer a roller to make proper linguini rather than angel air pasta.
In all this attachment is a good investment if you already own the KitchenAid mixer.
Even if the motor in my mixer wears out someday, I will be able to continue to use the rollers with its replacement.
I have owned this atachment for almost a year now and it is probably the best attachment you can get for the kitchenaid.
It is quick, easy and fun to make homemade pasta.
We have made some great spinach pasta with this attachment.
It is a bit pricey but well worth the money.
My only complaint is that they aren't dishwasher or water freindly.
They do take some tiem to clean up if your a neat freak.
The brush that is included does a good job but be patient and let the pasta residue firm up before trying to clean.
Bought this for my wife for the holidays (Chef) she loves them and I love the fact that I can get homemade pasta.
Great gift for the foodie or chef in your life.
Also this item is cheaper on here than on the Manufacturer website.
Great product, well made and heavy (relatively)! Made great pasta from batch one, amd I have never made fresh in my life before.
I had even bought a lot of extra eggs figuring I would burn through more cause of same, but that was not the case.
I read a bunch of the reviews before ordering this, and based on some of the problems, I almost didn't go ahead with the purchase.
The *only* complaint was that the recipes were way off in timing of the mixing of the pasta dough.
This is a well made product that I am expecting to use for some time to come.
I was very pleased by the quality of construction and sheer weight of these pasta roller attachments.
Who knew making pasta is so much fun???  Anyhow, if you are a person who loves cooking and kitchen gadgets, I highly recommend these.
They are typical Kitchenaid quality; well built and sturdy.
They performed very well and cleanup was a breeze.
The fresh pasta was so delicious!  (Amazing that I can make pasta!!)  I highly recommend this pasta roller set.
This was purchased as a gift for my daughter.
These rollers make rolling pasta as easy as possible.
They are well made, easy to use, easy to clean, and very effective.
I really like good tools and these are hard to fault in any way.
If you already have a Kitchenaid stand mixer, these are decently priced for the quality and hard to beat.
I have wanted these roller attachments and the extruder for a long time but kept putting off the purchase due to the cost.
Finally I bought them (along with the pasta drying rack).
I am impressed with how well this worked.
I used 400 grams of flour to 4 eggs for my pasta dough.
In fact it seemed slightly dry but I ended up kneading each of the pieces I put in the roller and it was fine.
I let them air-dry overnight and brushed the flour off before putting them away.
I recently entertained friends with an old family chicken and noodles dish, and had to roll my pasta out by hand.
Talk about sore muscles the next day! LOL.
Whoever invented these should get a Nobel Prize!  ;-).
I like this item, it was a little difficult to use but that is only due to my one inexperience.
I had not one problem with this the first time I made pasta in it.
Everything came out perfect! I had read other reviews and had my doubts but no specks of metal nor anything else.
Home-made pasta, which I'd never had before I bought these attachments, is amazing.
I use the recipe from the Mixer Bible (sells on Amazon) for basic egg pasta and it is fantastic.
I've made it about 10 times and just once it was too sticky to use, but that was a great learning experience.
In other words, it's not difficult to make and it definitely gets easier as you keep making it.
There's a good you-tube video I watched a few times on how to use this attachment the first time.
Once you get the hang of it, it's really really easy though slightly time consuming.
I also bought the other set of 2 attachments and enjoy making a variety of noodle sizes.
Can't wait to stop buying pasta all together.
This set was a little expensive for us, but well worth the investment.
Spinach pasta recipe is a little bad, the pasta was really weak and broke on us.
Would recommend for anyone with the kitchenaid mixer.
I love to make pasta, but I am too lazy to roll it out with a rolling pin.
These are a little pricey at first look but they are so much fun to use.
They work well and they give new meaning to pasta.
They areheavy rugged attachments and must be kept well oiled and cleaned by hand with tooth picks and rags.
I found out that cleaning isn'treally that bad because of the fun and satisfaction you get from the end result.
My daughter was very pleased to have the roller attachments and the drying rack to make pasta.
We really appreciate that the attachments fit all models of KA mixers.
You can even add coloring for holiday side dishes or full meal entertaining without changing the flavor.
Add garlic and mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until just colored, about 5 min, add wine and simmer til just evaporated.
This has made pasta making 100 times better.
This is so much more convient and easy now.
I will never buy another box of pasta again.
My homemade pasta used to be so time consuming and difficult to make that it wasn't much fun.
Now that I have these it is so much more fun now and my kids love helping.
They are very heavy and very well made.
The directions tell to how to make pasta with you kitchen aid the whole way (no hand mixing).
I am looking forward to making more very soon.
I definitly recomend these to anyone with a Kitchen Aid mixer.
My mom had been looking to get these for a while to make homemade noodles, so I picked these up for Christmas for her.
They're pretty straightforward to use based on the instructions.
I probably wouldn't have purchased this attachment for my new mixer.
I eyed the pasta attachment suspiciously, but started having 'fun' with it.
It adjusts thicknesses easily and I found myself manipulating the dough to a thin band and made my favorite angel hair pasta.
Pasta was made quickly and popped into a pot that had reached a nice rolling boil.
I was surprised that the homemade stuff cooked so quickly to a perfect al dente consistency.
While this implement does a terrific flat noodle and rolls the dough to perfect consistency, it will not do tube varieties.
It is fairly easy to clean as far as kitchen attachments go.
I use a little kitchen brush if anything gets trapped, but that was only when I really started.
I used to purchase pricey specialty noodles at a gourmet grocery for special meals but now I make my own and save.
The end result is as good or better than the packaged product.The attachments fit easily onto the standard mixer.
The quality appears to be good but I have only used this for 3 months.
The end results have me convinced that we are eating healthier because no preservatives are going into the pasta we eat.
It makes lasagna noodles, thick and thin fettucine and ravioli noodles.
When you cook them immediately without drying them first, it makes for a much more filling dinner and just so very, very good.
One of the best meals I've ever made by far.
I ran one ball of dough through the machine and I was done.
No metal shavings, no grease, no discolored parts.
A success story for quality control and buyer feedback??A couple of tips.
I thought that a low speed setting for the mixer would be most appropriate.
I find that the best speed settings for the roller and slicing attachments are 3 or 4.
If you go slower, you get a less regular texture.
Laying the pasta in a flat, single layer, is an option but I do not have that much counter space.
The attachments are very well made, fit perfectly and are easy to use.
I've made quite a bit of pasta since getting these and I'm very pleased.
I first saw this attachment for the Kitchen Aide mixer on Mario Batali's cooking show on television and knew I had to have it.
This attachment makes rolling and cutting pasta so much easier and quicker, there is no longer any excuse not to make fresh pasta.
I found the attachment very easy to use, and cleaning up was simply a wipe down with a damp cloth.
If you already have the table mixer and like making fresh pasta, then I highly recommend buying this roller attachment.
Hook it up to that powerful KitchenAid and you won't want to buy pasta in a dusty dry box ever again.
This was the first attachment I bought for my kitchen aid.
The mixer also makes it roll faster than one would be able to crank normally using a hand roller.
And none of it would be possible without the use of my kitchenaid mixer and this very well constructed roller attachments.
I feel that even if you only use it once every few months, the time saved and quality achieved is more than worth your money.
Years ago &lt;like 15> a roommate bought a hand crank Atlas machine, ravioli trays, etc.
I looked at her and said "Seriously"  That was until she made Homemade chicken noodle soup, Fettucine, etc.
It worked great, but the consistency was nowhere near as good as the Atlas.
Plus the barrel cracked, but they sent a new one.
Got an aching for that same fresh pasta.
and store bought fresh is just plain gross.
looked at Atlas, Imperia, Motors for them, etc, Cuisinart attachments, KA attachments, blah blah blah.
I'm gonna actually break down and buy a KA mixer, and these attachments.
Plastic gear breaking?  Well, if you buy ANYTHING from BB/Beyond, they replace it IF you have the packaging/receipt.
Like my Cuisinart K cup coffee maker that died after 7 months.
I brought it back and upgraded to the Breville.
GOD I LOVE BB/Beyond, So when this one dies.
lololSO Now gettin my KA mixer, plus attachments from them.
IF the plastic gears fail?  Just bring it in and get new ones.
No waiting for KA to send you a new piece.
After my pasta maker fell apart, I turned to my KitchenAid for a solution and found this trio of pasta rollers.
The three KPRA Pasta Rollers are solidly made of stainless steel and meld nicely with the KitchenAid.
You clean them by letting the pasta dry, then brushing off the dust with the enclosed brush.I think I'll make fettuccine again tonight.
I was turning out beautiful sheets of semolina pasta in a wink of an eye.
It's effortless! The cutters work so nicely, also.
Perfection!Thanks, Amazon!Update.....I've been using this roller and cutters to make pastas for Farmers market.
I probably have made 10 batches of various pasta dough each week, and the roller/cutters have performed without a hitch.
Yesterday, I made a few batches of fresh asparagus pasta.
Glorious! This was quite a delicate dough, but no worries with the KA roller and cutters.
4/10/2012Update #2...5/10/2012.Still going strong, with fairly heavy use.
I mushed it back together and tried again, and the roller wasn't happy.
Stopped the process and added a bit more liquid to my dough.
Fortunately, I stopped rolling the dry dough before any damage was done.
Make sure your dough is malleable enough when you start to roll!.
I have used in several times since receiving it a few weeks ago having success from the first attempt.
I used the pasta recipe that came with the product and it worked perfectly.
I purchased the additional cutters, as well which work equally as well.
The dough was pretty easy and the rollers worked just like they should.
I just ran the dough through and we had fresh pasta that night.
lasagna is going to be amazing, I'm thinking!  I did do the semolina pasta, but don't anticipate having any trouble with any type of pasta.
Now if the KitchenAid itself actually had the power of my old 1980's Oster, I would be really thrilled.
The only drawback is that not everyone has the luxury to own a $200 plus motor to power this.
My Mom used to make several batches of fresh Chinese egg noodles and Won Ton Mein for the family.
We are lucky to be 5 children, so each of us helped Mom crank turn her manual pasta roller.
She loves it to her amaze, we ended up making 3 batches in a row the first day.
One suggestion, don't bother to use the flat beater to mix the ingredients initially.
Do the initial mixing with a long and narrow wood spatula or spoon, or with your hands.
The flat beater tends to splash the flour out (yes the pouring shield helps, but the less gadgets the easier the cleanup after).
When you do the initial mixing by hand you can really tell if your pasta mix is too wet or too dry.
Then I let the dough hook finish the rest, usually up to 6 minutes (not 3 as written on the booklet).
Mom said to throw the dough against the kitchen counter or floor, the more you throw it, the better.
I found it is easier to throw it than to try kneeding it with your knuckles.
The roller is able to get the pasta VERY thin.
It worked even better than the brand we were using in Culinary school.
As the literature points out, DO NOT GET THE CUTTERS wet as they will rust.
I like to cook, thought it would be fun to make pasta at home.
I absolutely love love my new KPRA pasta attachments, thanks to Amazon great prices, otherwise could not afford it.
This is a very heavy, well made attachment, unlike the other plastic offering from KitchenAid.
they do require some TLC, but that's expected with things that have flour mixed in with mechanics.
Whit this the stand mixer is a great machine.
I am far from being a pro at pasta, but I am learning.
My family notices the difference in taste and says it is the only way to enjoy pasta.
I wish it had come with much better instructions and maybe more recipes.
Eating healthy and economically is important to me therefore it can't get any better than making it from scratch.
With the pasta roller it made the task so easy and totally entertaining.
It was worth every penny spent to make some quality semolina fettuccini.
This household will never see boxed pasta again.
Get the water on the stove at the same time you make the pasta dough.
By the time the water boils you are rolling the pasta.
Wonderful.The rollers are so easy to use and in no time at all I was an old hand at it.
Try it with the King Arthur pasta flour.
It does everything it says...much easier than I ever thought possible (amateur)and cleanup is virtually nonexistent-let it dry and brush.
And I looked thoroughly!Anyway, great product! Made me love my kitchenaid even more (didn't know it was possible!).
All the attachments are quick and easy to attach and remove.
Hubby loved all the pasta I've made so far.
You can't go wrong with any Kitchen Aid product.
These are the first Kitchenaid attachments I've bought and I'm very pleased with their construction and ease of use.
My pasta roller & cutters arrived a few days ago and I have already made 2 batches of noodles.
The first batch was fettuccine that I served with a cheesy alfredo sauce.
Everyone loved it! I really enjoyed the process of making the pasta, too.
I used the 1st recipe in the book and it was good.
I can imagine that I will be making most of our pasta now.
If you love being in the kitchen, love cooking, and love your KitchenAid, these rollers you will also love.
It was fun making my own pasta and it tasted sooo much better than store bought.
Easy to use, easy to clean, a no-brainer.
I have used this a couple times since I purchased it to make linguine.
Very easy to use and much easier than a crank.
Most homemade noodle recipes involve eggs, very few with without.
If you are vegan you would struggle to find an assortment of recipes to work with.
It is important to get the dough to the right consistency, too wet makes the process too tedious.
It still takes time to do and I have not used it as much as I had hoped.
But great product and a nice feature to have with the KitchenAid.
It took a few YouTube videos to get the hang of making pasta.
I made quite a bit so far and it's really easy once I got over the learning curve.
I may use the plain sheets to make lasagna soon.
Use these on a high speed like 9.
The initial making of pasta dough with the paddle first and then the hook is done on a low speed.
I did buy a nice drying rack for $11.
I had the best time today making fresh pasta.
I have always used the pasta machine with the crank and couldn't anymore because of arm surgery.
I froze some of the fettucine for another day, you can make it ahead and freeze or refrigerate.
I would recommend this if you are someone who enjoyscooking and fresh foods.
Can't wait to make my own lasagna noodles also...very very happy with my purchase.
I love, love, LOVE the pasta roller/cutter set.
These make it easy for one person to make all the pasta they'd ever want....all by themselves.
I've been having too much fun, making spaghetti, fettucine, ravioli....yummmmmmm.
These are extremely well made, in Italy, and you will not regret your purchase.
If you've never experienced fresh pasta, you don't know what you're missing.
Did I mention I LOVE these? The best KA mixer attachment available, in my opinion.
I just wish I had had it 30 years ago.
Couldn't justify the cost then and now I can't fully utilize it.
Anyway, this pasta roller is wonderful......puts out a great product, but! It is HARD to clean.
In those days, I mixed and rolled by hand.
No one complained about the end product, but it sure would have been easier with the pasta roller!.
I finally took the plunge and bought this set for myself as a Christmas present.
My husband and I both are so glad I did.
For many years I made homemade egg noodles, all by hand, rolling out the dough with my marble rolling pin.
So, we haven't had homemade pasta in quite a few years.This pasta dough roller and cutter is absolutely, stupendously wonderful for me.
I got this as a gift, and I was really impressed with the quality of it.
Each one of the three attachments is a seriously heavy, all-metal mechanized marvel.
The quality of craftsmanship easily eclipses that of the current Kitchen-Aid mixers themselves!To my delight, I was making superb fettuccine in no time at all.
The fact that the only manual labor involved is a little bit of kneading is simply amazing.
More variety in the cutter attachments would be nice, and I'd gladly pay for more choices.
That said, even with the existing shape choices, this product is superb.
I've looked at the various pasta attachments for my Kitchen Aid mixer for years and finally broke down and purchased them from Amazon.
Great price and they are well made!  The order arrived quickly and I immediately put them to use.
They are great attachments, I'm sorry I didn't buy them years ago!  So easy to use.
the attachment to roll the pasta has various settings which seem just perfect for whatever thickness required.
The fettucine maker and the spaghetti maker work perfectly.
I used the recipe which I found in the booklet included with the attachments and it was quite good.
First off, you don't have to crank it.
Yeah, it sounds obvious, but I was worried about the "uncontrolled" speed getting the best of me.
he KitchenAid mixer is already a workhorse, but these attachments give it yet another job to do.
purchase $125 worth of goods and get $25 off when you place the order.
So add $25.01 worth of kitchen items to this purchase and get them for free!.
A motorized pasta roller produces a lot of pasta in a hurry!Amazon has a good price on this set.
I paid more on sale in a department store.
The pasta roller and cutter exceeded my expectations.
It takes awhile to get the knack to make the pasta right, but once you do, you will not regret it.
Nothing else--no semolina flour (for dried pasta only), no salt, no oil.
Unlike what Peter Pasta says, you do need to knead the dough by hand, since my KitchenAid couldn't handle the stiffness of the dough.
Unlike some of the recipes I've read, letting the dough sit before rolling does make it dry out faster and harder to roll.
The pasta is smooth and delicious and relatively easy to make for the results.
I love this attachment!  Easy to use, cleans up well and makes an excellent product.
Before I purchased this, I was intimidated by the thought of making fresh pasta.
Not any more!  I feel like an accomplished chef whenever I use this attachment.
This is a great attachment to my kitchenaid.
I like that I can make my own pasta with it.
I am not a seasoned cook at all but was able to make wonderful fettuccini with it without any problems.
I typically in the past have made 1/2 whole wheat 1/2 all purpose fettuccini.
If it is pretty dry, then add water.
I add it 1/2 teaspoon at a time.
If it is too dry, then add flour.Let the dough rest covered for about 1/2 hour.
Then I split it into either 4 or 8, and put it through the kneading attachment, first on the largest setting.
Fold it over, and put it through again.
Then decrease the size of the fitting in the kneading attachment, one at a time, and send it through.
If you go to setting #4, it will be a thicker pasta but still good.
I like it thinned a bit more so for me the final setting is on #5.
I do like to have a pasta holder to keep it until I can put it in the boiling water.
I haven't used them yet but they look like they're easy to attach and use.
For my first-ever batch of pasta, this was really a lot of fun.
It was easy to mix, though the KitchenAid dough hook was fairly ineffective getting the dough kneaded.
Lot easier then the manual machine, as you have two hands free to handle the dough.
There were a gift for my partner who loved the gift.
Fresh (or frozen) homemade pasta is out of this world.
I tried and tried with hand crank pasta makers.
The only time I have had a problem cutting the pasta was once when I got the dough just a tad too wet.
That is a real pain.Having a power roller to roll the dough when you want to make something like ravioli is a true blessing.
It is rolled and ready to cut and fill in a couple of minutes.Thumbs up on this product.
It couldn't be easier to use, and the end product is amazing.
After making many many many rounds of pasta, I've discovered a few tips that help ensure a great product:1.
Let your dough rest for at least an hour.
"Knead" the pasta several times through the thickest setting on the roller.
This review is several years old, and that problem seems to have been solved.
I closely inspected my dough after the first use, and it was completely clear of any metallic bits, so fear not.Buon appetito!.
That is what I've been asking myself ever since I purchased this for my KitchenAid mixer.
It's super easy to use, makes a wonderful product and clean up is even easier.
The best part, it's not another appliance to take up valuable cabinet or counter space.
I was really surprised how easy this was to use.
Took a little to get the feeding to receiving of the noodles down but if you use the roller attachment correctly you're good to go.
Each is really sturdy and easy to clean.
Some dough remains in some cases but after it dries out it brushes right out without any issue.
From all the previous reviews, I wondered if this was a good product from KitchenAid.
so far, I have made a number of batches of pasta and have had no problems.
The recipe that I use is one cup of flour, one egg, four or five tablespoons of water and one tablespoon of olive oil.
If I have the family over, I increase it by the number that is coming over.
I believe that the olive oil lubricates the roller and doesn't clog it and no bits or pieces get stuck.
With the KitchenAid attachments, I can make pasta singlehandedly.
However, as my children are now grown it's great to be a able to get the job done quickly and easily solo.
You will need to follow the instructions and maybe do a little more kneading to make sure your ingredients are well mixed.
Finally check your number setting, you might want to experiment a little to figure out what is too thin or too thick.
I recieved this pasta maker attachment for Christmas in 08.
It sat in the box a few months before I got brave enough to try it.
And I thought it would be a very time consuming process, but with this, it is quick to churn out great tasting fresh pasta.
I've been eyeballing this pasta roller attatchment for quite some time now.
My parents bought it for me for our 10th anniversary yesterday.
I ended up having to use a little extra water for it to ball up properly.
Gradually set the roller to the width you want you pasta and run it through.
The settings on either the fettucini or spaghetti attachements will decide the thickness and overall apperance of your pasta.
For example, if you want regular spaghetti, the roller will be set around 4-5.
For angel hair pasta or very fine linguine, set it 7-8.
I thought I would be limited to only 2 different types of pasta, but not so.
You can also use a flat, rolled out sheet to cut lasagna noodles or for rolling cannelloni.
I seems as if one of the parts came loose inside.
I have to say, I can't be to upset by this little glitch when a company's customer service is everything it's supposed to be.
Kudos to Kitchen Aid for standing behind it's customers.
If you're used to working with a manual pasta machine and you have a Kitchen Aid stand mixer, consider this accessory.
It's so much easier than trying to juggle cranking a manual and catching the pasta at the same time.
Haven't actually used these attachments yet but I am sooo impressed with the quality.
I am so excited to make pasta now.
I will write another review after I use the attachments.Quality!!.
Little by little, I am learning to make our food from scratch.
Mixed the dough, kneaded the dough, rolled out the dough and cut the dough.
That was a big job!  The noodles tasted good but it was very hard work - I don't know how our grannies did it.
:-)Making it in your Kitchen Aid mixer is a snap.
There was one drop of oil but no flaking so it's a good idea just in case.
It'll also give you a good idea of how to work everything.
It was easy to clean with the included brush.Wonderful and highly recommended!.
These kitchenaid pasta attachment set makes makign healthy pasta possible.
I know exactly what I am putting into my food/body this way.
I cooked it the next night and was surprised at how good it was.
There are some type of oil from the mechanism and little shards of something that get into the dough the first time you use it.
When I made my second batch, it was all good and clean.
Second, I did not like the recipe for basic pasta dough in the booklet that came with the machine.
Too much flour for the amount of eggs.
And I kept having to add water, quite a lot, because the dough was too dry to come together in the mixer bowl.
I also did not like mixing the dough in the KA mixer.
The machine seemed to be working too hard.
That recipe resulted in beautiful, smooth and shiny lengths of dough that cut perfectly (cutter attachments are fabulously sharp).
It tasted wonderful and had "bite" when cooked.
They make spaghetti, linguine and fettuccine, but really, they all seem really close to being the same thing.
If you're not super picky about pasta, you're probably better off buying just one roller.
Much sturdier build than I was led to believe.
You will find it in food stores who sell to customers who make Indian-style flat breads.
Keep a little extra flour scattered on your work surface.
If the dough tends to stick to the rollers on the first pass, fold it up and dust both sides with a little more flour.
Remember that those who claim these do not work, may not take time to learn how to use them correctly.
Caution: This  item qualifies for super saver shipping.
I had a pasta machine that you crank yourself and it wore out.
I decided to try these and well they so much easier.
I make  fresh pasta a couple times a week at the very least.
I then use a fork to press around each one.
I also make lasagna noodled by just cutting strips after I rolled it out.
I make mine in a food processor and so that is easy peasy.
Homemade pasta is so much better and fun to make.
It only takes a few minutes and is so worth the time.
Kids love to help with making pasta and well if you let them help a little the will eat better as they helped make it.
I've been waiting a few years to get this and finally I said, let's pull the trigger and purchase this pasta roller set.
You need these rollers to make lasagne noodles, fettucine and spaghetti.
I have the pro series mixer because the gears inside are made of metal not plastic like the cheaper series kitchen aid mixers.
The motor is stronger too, but really you want the metal gears.
The plastic ones over time become brittle and break.
Then I cut the dough into 4 pieces.
I've tried this without the pasta rollers before and the pasta was delicious but much too thick for a good pasta.
I did this on kitchen aid mixer speed 2, but the recipe says you can use four as well.
I found 2 to be appropriate for my needs.
as the pasta thins you can stop at any number you wish.
You use the included brush to get rid of any bits that have remained and maybe a cloth or paper towel to wipe it down.
Don't stick it in the dishwasher, don't run water on it if you want it to last.
I'm using the pasta roller to make lasagne noodles this weekend and inviting some close friends over for a movie and pot luck night.
I'll provide salad, italian bread and lasagne, they will bring drinks and maybe desserts or snacks.
I waited 2 years thinking it would be a huge chore to make pasta, or that the price would drop on these.
You can fit in a fresh sauce at the same time.
I use a simple marinara with diced tomatoes, onion, garlic a splash of red wine and fresh basil from the garden.
Add a touch of sugar to fight the acid and you have a winning sauce.
I thicken it as needed with chicken gravy mix powder, but you do what you like.
If  your family does not love you for this meal, throw the mixer at them.
I just finished making egg noodles - perfect.
You must have a good recipe - but these rollers and cutters are great.
I also bought the set with wide noodle and angel hair cutters.
I use the pasta dough recipes from The Mixer Bible - their directions are excellent.
Take the time to follow them correctly to get really good results.
We had an expensive pasta mixer/extruder machine - not as good as the kitchenaid rollers and cutters.
The recipe that comes in the book sucks...seems too dry, yet the ones in the Joy of Cooking are far too moist.
It still seems to take 3 people to easily make the pasta but it is sooooo good when finished.
We bought a clothes drying rack from the local hardware store to put the pieces of pasta as we were making it.
It is a lot cheaper at $7 than pasta dryers, which to my eye, looked far too small.
All in all, I like this pasta maker.
I have another mixer at a second home and wish the price would come down (alot) so that I could buy another one.
It is certainly easier than attaching the manual machine to the counter.
Forget buying pasta from a store! This roller attachment set is all you need to start making your own pasta at home.
I am also not bothered that it can't be washed because I don't see anything stuck in it that needs to come out.
Then a friend of mine got the set for a birthday present.
The key is in mixing up the Dough.
Start the Mixer on Speed (2) Then you tear of a chunk of dough, flatten it out with your palm.
Remove the Dough Roller from the Mixer and attach the Cutter of your choice.
Too bad they don't have some kind of automatic reset.
For those that don't know what I mean, You start by feeding your dough on the widest roller setting (1) and work your way up.
So I guess that's good enough for me.
Heavy duty pasta roller and cutters work great.
The number settings on the roller are a bit difficult for old eyes to read.
It's nice when something works the way you expect it to.
Followed the recipe in the book and used Bob's Red Mill Semolina.
The result was firm, well textured, good flavored pasta.
You'll want to play around with the thickesses to get what you want ( next is a thin Tagliatelle, then on to Lasagna ).
Just be aware that the pasta will get long as it's rolled so be prepared to handle it as it comes out of the roller.
This is a very handsome machine and works out standing.
The three dies are solid stainless and a breeze to use and clean.
I have made linguine, angel hair and Ravioli with great success.
The instruction book included provides recipies and proved to make a really great semolina pasta.
Occasionally things come around that are just superlative, that work perfectly and make life and the task work involved truly easier.
Plus it's drier, so you can instantly cut the pasta as thin spaghetti and the strands won't stick together.
READ THIS: you can literally make fresh pasta for 2-4 in under 10 minutes.
Let the KA roller do the kneading for you by folding the sheet over onto itself and passing it through the 1 setting (the thickest).
It comes out silky smooth, with the gluten wonderfully formed,  and you never have to knead or let the dough rest.
This is the secret to 10 minutes fresh pasta.
You can separate it by hand, and it's fine, but what a hassle.
So that's mixing the dough, then waiting for 20 minutes, then rolling and cutting, only to have it stick together.
Uggg!  I did buy just another roller on Ebay ($70) because I just LOVE this set and I love my fresh pasta.
But be warned--they look durable but they may last only a year or so with fairly heavy (twice per week) use...!.
I used a manual pasta roller for years and got tired of wishing for a 3rd hand.
I requested this set of rollers for my birthday last year.
I think I averaged using it 2-3 times a month since then and got superb results.
In a matter of 2-3 minutes I had whatever I needed rolled out and had no mechanical problems.
The roller never had issues the few times I made dough a bit stiffer than I probably should have.
I read over all the negative reviews just before posting this one.
I can't help but wonder if either the product was mis-used or we're not talking about the same thing.
The few bits of dough that might remain on the roller dry up and fall off (just like my old manual roller).
The supplied brush does a fine job cleaning the parts.
I had one for my manual roller and it was a disaster and I returned it.
I have read that the KitchenAid ravioli roller is an equal disaster.
if You own a Kitchen Aid mixer and enjoy Pasta this is a must have item.
fresh past is so much better than any thing you can buy in a store.
I'm writing this the morning after getting my set from Amazon.
Last night I ran three batches of dough through it.
The first thing I learned about this roller is that dough resting is very important.
I normally only rest my dough for a short period when I hand roll botboi.
These rollers, however, literally chewed through my dough and spit out jagged and torn dough fragments.
But I had kneaded two large balls of dough in it, and rolled all that dough as well.
I had no smoke though, and I wasn't worried about the mixer at all.
No effort at all really.One thing of note: I didn't turn to this device to learn to make pasta.
I didn't think I'd ever really learn to make pasta unless I did it all.
I hand kneaded and hand rolled pasta until I was good at it, and then I bought a machine to help me.
The same went for bread: I made it by hand before ever using my KitchenAid to make it for me.
The botboi dough is traditionally more like pie dough, but I tend to make it a lot like an egg pasta.
The #1 setting on the roller is almost as thick as I'd like my noodles to be, so I call it close enough.
Purchased for a gift and the recipient LOVED it.
If you want to make your pasta at home, this is what you are looking for.
I would hate the fact that you would have to clean up everything before you finished what you were doing.
Now while making a baked product I can make more than 1 thing.
The handle works nicely and the bowl is easy to handle, clean.
I purchased this to have an extra bowl and it works great.
The handle is very helpful for pouring batter into pans.
It is very well worth the price to have a second bowl.
I'm giving this 5-stars because the product itself is fantastic.
I'm not quite sure how I got by with just one kitchenaid mixing bowl before I got this one.
Fits my 4.5L Classic Plus mixer just fine.
I prefer the brushed finish on my original bowl because it doesn't show smudges, water spots and finger prints like this one does.
But I like that this one has a handle.
It's nice to have an extra one of these for recipes with two parts that both need a mixer.
I surprised my wife with this bowl as an upgrade to her current bowl.
I bought this as a second bowl for my Kitchenaid mixer.
I do not know why I waited so long to buy a second bowl.
It is so convenient to throw the other one and the dishwasher and still have this as a backup.
This is a great bowl and is actually nicer than the bowl included in the kitchenaid package.
You an tell that the bowl is constructed more solidly.
When this bowl was offered in my gold box shortly before Christmas I snapped it up.
This is the third bowl I own for my beloved Kitchen Aid stand mixer.
When you do as much baking as I during the holidays it's lovely to not have to wash up between each batch of cookie dough.
My other bowl did not have a handle.
So I bought this and it made my life easier.
But now I have two, and boy baking is faster.
Having an extra bowl (or two) is a good thing.
So many recipes call for beaten egg yolks and whipped egg whites to be folded together.
Two bowls  makes that &quot;a piece if cake.&quot;The handle is especially good  when the bowl is wet or greasy.I cook a lot.
The extra bowl I have is  well worth the price.
I'm so glad this bowl went on sale and I had gift certificates for it.
It's super-handy when making multi-bowl recipes using the mixer, or making multiple recipes.
I can cover this bowl with plastic and chill it while I use the other one to make another recipe.
So, I decided to buy a second bowl for convenience.
This product is exactly as described and works well for mixing bread dough.
Easy to clean and dough slides right out.
By the time I get through baking it's time to run the dishwash anyway.
I really like having two bowls and two beaters.
The handle solved the problem! It's a wonderful mixing bowl.
Then both of them go into the dishwasher.
Very fast shipping with Amazon Prime and it was well packaged, not damaged at all.
It's dishwasher safe, it stays looking new for eons.Cons:  None.
Very Handy as an extra bowl for making Terimisu where you need a bowl of Marscapone cheese Mix & the prep for egg whitesfor Meringue.
My old bowl hit the floor and made a dent, so needed a replacement.
Found this, and it even has a handle, which my original didn't have.
This one doesn't lock into the base as solidly as the last, but works fine.
It seems these days that I need two bowls, one for batter, one for egg whites.
This new bowl works so much better than the bowl that came with the mixer.
Kitchen-Aid should put this bowl with all the mixers.
This is especially handy for seniors, who may have grip problems with their hands.
My mixer came with a nice enough bowl but without a handle it is awkward to move.
It is now my spare and this one is the primary.
I have had a KitchenAid mixer for over 25 years.
It is a wonderful machine, well made, versatile and easy to clean.
The only flaw was the bowl, which is sometimes hard to handle when it is full.
With the addition of this handled bowl, this product is about as perfect as a mixer can get.
Just be sure you match this accessory to your mixer model number.
There are at least two different model sizes, and there is a handled bowl that fits each of them.
You can call Kitchenaid and ask; they will gladly tell you the part number.
Bought this as a gift for my mother-in-law.
She was very happy to have a spare one for her mixer.
The price on Amazon is great!  Compare to 80$ at a local store, cheaper to buy here.
I bought this because of the handle and I love it.
It is easy to get it on and off the mixer and not have to worry about dropping it.
It is nice looking, durable and mostimportant it fits perfectly.
A little pricey, but I can't complain, because the quality is outstanding.
I've never been disappointed with any KitchenAid product, and I've been buying them for a long time.
So I was pleased to find this bowl.
While I really like it, I have to give it 4 out of 5 stars because I still think it's a very overpriced bowl.
My classic Kitchenaid mixer is about 25 years new and I never had a problem pouring batter from the original bowl, which had no handle.
However, my hands have become weak over the years and recently I almost dropped the entire bowl and batter on the floor - twice.
I immediately ordered a bowl with a handle from Amazon and it is wonderful.
My only complaint, if you can call it that, is that the handle is rather thin.
Kitchenaid doesn't even make a 4-1/2 qt bowl with the nice ergonomic handle that they offer for their larger machines.
Picked up a used KithcenAid mixer but there was no bowl.
I was wanting to get her a unit for a Christmas gift but when I saw this I got it she was happy.
This bowl also was from Kitchen-Aid, in the Kitchen-Aid box, and exactly like the one that came with my machine.
They are exactly what we needed, came as promised, well packed, on time, this was a good purchase.
Bought this replacement bowl for myKitchenAid KSM75WH Classic Plus Tilt-Head 4-1/2-Quart Stand Mixer, Whiteduring an online home sale at Sears for only $34.
I think it flares out more than the original so it has a bigger diameter.
It is nice to have the handle which the original bowl doesn't have.
Now I can make cookie dough days ahead and bake a bunch of goodies all at one time.
If you already own a kitchenaid mixer, you know what this bowl looks like.
Got this for my daughter who somehow bought a Kitchen Aide mixer with a bowl that had no handle.
So..this one has a handle and the right base to fit properly in the mixer and that's what we wanted it to be.
I have been wanting another bowl for my mixer for awhile and I finally took the plunge just in time for Christmas baking.
This bowl works great,  I love that it has the handle.
Yeah it isn't the greatest handle but it works and that is all that matters to me.
I might eventually get another one because the handle makes the bowl so much easier to use.
This is now my primary bowl since it is easier to move around than a bowl without the handle.
The handle itself is not comfortable to hold but it is what it is.
I really enjoyed having the handle and capability to hold on to the bowl easier when pouring my baking mixture.
When you are cooking, and in a bit of a time crunch the extra bowl can be so helpful.
I use mine when I am making cookies, sometimes I make two different kinds at once, and I am good to go.
Or when I am making a cake, and I want to prepare everything at once, and come back and frost the cake later.
I hate to stop what I am doing to wash one bowl to use it again.
If you do a lot of cooking and you are short on time this might be a good purchase for you.
Fits perfectly and the handle makes it much easier to remove and hold the bowl.
Glade I purchased and would recommend it to anyone.
I like having a handle, makes pouring cake batter, pudding,  etc.
My mixer came with just the plain bowl, so I bought this one, and the glass one.
I use this one the most, by far.
It is much lighter than the glass bowl when you are trying to pour batter.
It also chills quickly and nicely for those times when you need it do so, like making whipping cream.
I throw it in the dishwasher for cleaning and it still looks as good as new.
I have had no issues with the handle, as some other reviewers have stated.
The original 4.5 qt bowl that came with my mixer nests nicely inside this one.
If I had to choose only one bowl to keep, it would be this one.
I procrastinated for years in purchasing a second mixing bowl, and now that I finally purchased one I wonder why I waited so long.
The convenience of two bowls is a must for anyone who uses their mixer often.
A worthwhile investment for sure as you know that you will have the mixer for a lifetime.
not have to stop and wash out one when I need another right away.
I own an extra bowl for my 5-Quart KitchenAid Stand Mixer and it's great.
When you are busy preparing a large family / Holiday meal it can be a life saver.
I've always wanted a second Kitchen Aid Mixing Bowl, one for pie mix and one for meringue.
This is the least expensive price I have found for new and/or used Kitchen Aid Bowl on ANY site online...and FREE shipping.
This is exactly what i needed- a spare bowl for my pro mixer.
Having an extra bowl around is a big help during the holidays.
I have wanted a second bowl for my kitchen aid mixer for nearly as long as I've had my kitchen aid mixer.
We actually do cook, and we use the mixer daily for everything from mashed potatoes to bread.
I dented my origional mixer bowl by dropping it on my tile kitchen floor.
It was no longer usable, so I had to buy a new one.
The outside of this has a mirror finish instead of the brushed stainless steal.
I dont like it as good, but as far as functionality it works just like the origional.
Regular OEM bowl that is an exact match to the 5 quart bowl the mixer came with.
Packed nicely so no dents or dings upon arrival.
What a convenience to have an additional mixing bowl.
When I make baked goods, invariably I need to use more than one bowl for a recipe.
It sure speeds up the process by having another bowl on hand whenever you need one.
KitchenAid makes the best  mixers on the market that are built to last for years.
This is one of the rare occasions when you pay the premium for the best possible, and are not disappointed.
SWMBO wanted a second bowl for those complicated baking missions, and she can not tell the difference between her new and old bowl.
It is built like a tank and beautifully finished.
What I always wanted was an additional bowl.
If you are anything more than an occasional baker, get an extra bowl!  It makes life so much easier.
I actually picked mine up at a Sur La Table clearance sale for $29.
This is even worth it if you only bake during the holidays.
I'm so happy I ordered a second bowl.
When you make a ton of cookies for the holidays you need that second bowl.
If you do a lot of cooking or baking, an extra bowl will sure come in handy.
But save yourself the headache and double-check your model number before ordering, since different models have different shaped bowls or mounting brackets.
It was a bit tight at first but after one or two removals it worked great.
Came in original Kitchenaid packaging and fits model: KSM5PPWH.
I did call Kitchenaid to get the correct model number.
Prices here were aprox 15 dollars less not including the free shipping with Prime!.
This item is a life saver when having &#34;Family Get-To Gathers&#34;, holiday cooking/baking or just everyday use.
It's so convenient to have that extra bowl on hand.
Not to mention the reduction of the stuff missing the bowl when they add it.
This item only fits certain models, so make sure you order the correct one.
Good product, but it could stand to be a little snugger.
This is a cool feature for this mixer.I use it with mashed potatoes and chocolate chip cookies.
It is essential, if you want to whip mashed potatoes and keep them in the bowl.
It would be nicer if this feature had a wider opening and was steeper angled.
I find I often had to push stuff down it.
It is held on by gravity alone, which generally is enough.
Technically the shield does not stay in place by gravity alone.
If you have the right and left sections properly assembled, there is a snug fit with the top of the bowl.
However, this is only that; a snug fit and gravity keeping this shield in place.
Heavy batter or a fuller bowl can relatively easily lift this shield up.
I find the shield mostly keeps in just added flour which has a tendency to fly up.
The chute on the shield is most helpful when gradually adding ingredients.
You need to use a spatula, to get that last bit in the bowl though.
Since this addition is so much later than my previous review, I would like to point out, both shield and mixer are still going strong.
This handy device keeps the flour from spraying all over your kitchen when you add it to the moving mixer.
My only complaint is that it can be difficult to pour large quantities of an ingredient in at a time.
I thought it was suppose to be a one piece shield but this two piece shield works just fine.
I use this every time I use my mixer.
It's absolutely perfect for adding eggs, liquid and flour while the beater's going.
It keeps all the ingredients away from the moving beater attachment too.
It also stops dry ingredients from flying all over the counter.
I've never had a problem with it falling off while I'm using it.
These sheilds are the only way to go with a kitchen-aid mixer.
It looks like Kitchenaid paid attention to the feedback & redesigned the shield to be a one piece unit.
It has a gap in the back, to slide around the mixer.
Fits perfectly & keeps flour in the bowl, where it belongs.
The ingredients don't have to be added perfectly and they still manage to make it into the bowl.
But when I make something with dry ingredients being added to wet ones, the dry ones still poof out.
What I received has an opening in the sheild that I don't see on this so I don't think I got exactly what I ordered.
I had been wanting one for years and finally decided it was a luxury I deserved.
Since I recently started making sourdough bread, this has saved me from getting flour everywhere.
Much easier and cleaner than without a lid.
I read all the reviews before ordering this and before the person commented that it is now a 1-pc item.
and a lot of the reviewers seem to be reviewing the 2 pc.
I was disappointed because I expected what was in the picture and description.
I credit the seller for saying I could return it but: 1.
Why hassle with the return if the seller had nothing to replace it with and 2.
this is apparently the only one Kitchen Aid is shipping.I might luck up and find a seller that has the older, 2 pc.
If so, I'll buy it as I think this one will get scratched and ratty with the regular use.The 1 pc.
It's not bad but I really want the one in the picture.Really, Amazon, update the photo!.
I loved being able to add ingredients to my mixing bowl without having to lift the mixing head and stop the mixer.
The is a great splash guard and pouring shield.
I always hated it when I poured into the mixer before I purchased this shield, now its a dream.
The pouring shield works great, as does most KitchenAid products.
The only kicker is that as with anything KitchenAid the item is really overpriced.
a good product that fits well and does what it is supposed to do....well made, Buy this with confidence.
This is great and saves a lot of mess when adding ingredients.
Keeps your mixture from splattering especially when mixing on higher speeds! Love it! Wish I had had it before Christmas.
Prevent that amazing dust cloud from going literally everywhere in your kitchen.Great product.
Love it, love it, love it!!! I made buttercream icing and the recipe calls for powdered sugar.
I added the sugar while mixing the other ingredients.
My mixer sits against a black refrigerator and there was not one spot of powdered sugar anywhere.
The pouring shield sits on top of the bowl so it is easy to take off and on if needed.
I would recommend this handy little attachment and it is worth every penny.
This pouring shield works fairly well; not as well as the old style, but certainly better than no pouring sheild at all!.
I purchased this as a complement to my Kitchen Aid mixer and I end up using it almost every time.
It is convenient and an absolute necessity when baking and combining ingredients that are naturally messy.
I received my Kitchenaid as a Christmas present five years ago and haven't had a lick of trouble with it since.
I've made bread, my great-grandmother's pfeffernus recipe and whipped cream with narey a problem.
My parents gifted me this 10 years ago.
After nearly a dozen moves it still works great.
The bowl and beaters are easy to clean, and the mixer itself wipes down nicely.
I had a roommate who owned one of these back in the 90s.
I fell in love with it then, but didn't break down and buy my own until two years ago.
I wish I'd spent the money five years sooner.
And the ice cream maker attachment has opened a whole new world to me.
I might like one of the higher end models even better, but this one does everything I need for now.
I use it probably 10 times as much as the Cuisinart.
A little small if you're a bread-baker, but I'm not, so I'm not worried.
(GO FOR IT: This is THE best price we've ever seen for any KA stand mixer.).
It's extremely heavy, which means it doesn't skid all over the place when the mixer is on but stays put.
The blade holder tilts back so you can get the attachments -- dough hooks, blades, rotary whips, you name it! -- out easily.
It is a workhorse in your kitchen, powerful, never says no or hangs up.
You can buy attachments for just about anything too.
Oh and even though it says to hand wash accessories I put mine in the dishwasher as I'm just not a hand wash kinda gal.
Still in great working shape after over 10 years.
I highly recommend everyone owns at least some version of the Kitchenaid stand mixer, you will never use a hand mixer again.
I was given this mixer by my frugal mother in 1992.
I believe she paid about $175 for it then.
It has defied all my attempts to destroy it and looks like the day I received it.
I keep hoping it will break so I can get a bigger one, but I think its going to outlast me.
over the years I convinced anyone who would listen to me to buy one.
if you're thinking about getting one, stop thinking and just buy it.
This was a birthday gift for my daughter.
She is thrilled with the kitchen aid mixer as she bakes a lot with her children.
I had been wanting a KitchenAid mixer for a long time and I finally bought one.
I have this exact model (White Classic K45) and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made.
You will not be disappointed with this mixer.
I think my great grandchildren will be using this thing and I dont even have kids yet.
It is really a sold mixer that does a great job.
My bread turns out great every time with this mixer.
I bought this for my mother, because she has always wanted one her whole life.
It ends up she just wanted one and didn't want to use one, so I have been using it.
It is a great mixer, I use it about once a week and I haven't been able to break it yet, and I have tried.
It also has a nice drive unit for accessories that work almost as good as the mixer.
I've had my Kitchen Aid since 1994 and it's still going strong.
We had a tradition in our family to give one as a wedding gift (split between siblings) and you can't go wrong.
Once again I used my kitchen Aid to mix the dough ingredients efficiently.
If I could rate it 10 stars, I would!.
Still making the best cakes and cookies ever.
Probably not made for the real heavy duty stuff.
But for making batches of cookies or cakes, this works perfect for me.
The chocolate chip recipe has made me a legend.
The precise times in the recipe book are a big help.
When this wears out, I won't hesitate to buy another Kitchenaid.
And there I found the machine that everybody was talking about.
I have seen it often on a famous cooking show.
But the mixer looked so much more easy forward standing there on the shelve.
So I could not resist and purchased the mixer and send it home.I use the mixer the most in the weeks before Christmas.
We do love our Christmas cookies and cakes.
I do like how the bowl locks into the stand.
Also the attachments are easy to secure into their holder and I do not have any problems to take them out after use.
The paddle is just my kind of tool; this one is being used most of the times.
It is great to work with a Kitchen Aid mixer and to have the hands free for other work.
I use this mixer for everything from bread making, baking.
Can't believe I waited that long to buy one.
I have had zero issues with this mixer.
Run it once or twice a week to keep the grease mixed up in the gear set and you will have no issues.
It's like any other machine with moving metal parts, you have to do the necessary maintenance to keep it running smoothly.
I am just getting started with baking so this was a good price point.
It will get hot and struggle once you start mixing around 3-4 cups of flour + wet ingredients through it.
I can mix 2-3 pizzas worth of pizza dough in it for 15 minutes but it starts trying to jump off the counter.
We use if for cookie, pizza, and all sorts of other dough.
I also like using it to mix pancake batter.
My wife is very pleased with the mixer.
She had never owned a stand mixer before, and has found many reasons to make use of it.
I've had mine for over 10 years and use it regulary for a wide variety of mixing needs - bread dough, egg whites, batters, etc.
In the years I've owned it, only once or twice have I wished I had a bigger model.
The mixer I grew up with was a Mixmaster...and when I became an adult, I bought and used Mixmasters...plural.
Then I got to know KitchenAid home (nonprofessional) mixers because my sister got one, and we were doing some baking together.
As soon as I had enough money to spare, I bought one for myself.
I try not to bake a lot for myself, because I don't need the weight gain.
The KA does a great job at perfectly preparing cake and cookie batters/doughs.
That keeps the air bubbles in your superlight, airy batter for these types of whipped batters.
The KA makes easy work out of such things.
I just want a neat color, and that requires moving up to the Artisan 5 qt.
(The attachments I have will work with any size KA mixer, they are universal.)KA is known for its workhorse motors that last forever.
I also have a five-speed hand mixer, and the five-cup food processor.
I am totally satisfied with the high quality of KA appliances.
They are definitely worth it!  Skip the cheapie brands that have a short lifespan.
Go ahead and comparison shop on price, and you'll probably conclude the same thing.
I have had a my KitchenAid for 12 years now.
Still mixes like the first time I used it! I love this machine.
I'm seventy years old and had never had a stand mixer, although my mother did and I learned to bake cakes using it.
I bought my Kitchen Aid K-45 Stand Mixer in 1972 and I have NEVER had any problems.
I have ordered several items from Amazon and I highly recommend this site for the reliability and quality products found.
I use this all the time, mostly to make my cheesecake mixes but it works for just about everything.
The only thing that I tried and wasn't too impressed with was trying to have it knead whole wheat bread.
That didn't go so hot, but that's alright, I bought a bread machine! Problem solved :).
I really comprehend why someone would give this a bad review! It mixes great and hasn't let us down yet! Great gift!.
I bought my daughter-in-law this mixer for her birthday two years ago and after seeing it in action, I promptly bought another one for itself.
You've never seen anything whip cream like this one; ditto egg whites.
In fact, you have to keep an eye out for overbeating, because it does the job so fast and so thoroughly.
The steel mixing bowl is solid and attaches securely to the base.
You'll never have to worry about this machine sliding around the countertop; its weight and broad flat base insure that it isn't going anywhere.
The attachments mentioned above twist very easily onto the beater shaft and I found unlocking them no problem.
This is a solid, no-nonsense appliance that is a must in any kitchen.
This mixer is the version of KitchenAid that lifts the head away to remove the beaters.
The bowl sits on a round stand on the base.
The wire beater makes short work of eggwhites or whipping cream.
And for making cookie dough for Christmas or parties, this is a must.
Just knowing these two culinary icons are standing by makes me positively fearless in approaching any recipe.
All I have to do is slide it out, remove the attachments from the bowl and have at it!Cleanup is easy, easy, easy.
Everything just slides off the attachments, even the whisk, which you can't put in the diswasher.
The power and size are just perfect for the average kitchen.Love it, love it, love it!.
You can't deny that KA makes the best mixers.
I love my Classic for most jobs, but when I get to making bread or muffins or some such, the capacity is a problem.
i can't put in more than 5 cups of flour or I will burn out the motor.
And even when I stay under 5 cups, the motor really starts to sound labored.
I wish I had put the money into a higher-powered motor.
It bogs down a lot even with one small loaf's worth of dough.
My husband has to get it for me, and even he has to do a kung-fu yell and really put some muscle into it.
Finally, the last loaf of bread I made caused the silver metal ring around the head-part (where the beater attachment goes) to fall right off.
I had to stop the machine pronto to jam it back on.
It's just falling apart under such a basic task.
I'd say that unless you're only doing mashed potatoes, cake mixes and the like, you really need a more heavy-duty mixer.
I'll be getting a Magic Mill DLX soon.I'd re-adjust this for 3 stars instead of 4.
This mixer was on sale around the holidays and I splurged on myself.
I have used it 20 times in 3 months, which is about 10 times more than I ever used my old mixer.
This goes on my list of things that are totally worth the high price.
Sometimes you do get what you pay for and this is a quality mixer.
So, i bought this mixer because i have two hand held mixers and it's about time i get a stand mixer.
To me, kitchenaid stands for quality, so that's why i purchased this brand.
I love the look of it, although i wanted red, but then i would've had to get an artisan and it's more expensive.
But for my purposes, white is just fine.
I love how fast i can make things with this mixer.
Egg whites stiffen up fast and very stiff.
I never got that that level of stiffness with the hand held mixer.
Well, I got one too for Christmas a couple of years ago, and this little baby is great.
I used to make shortbread pastry by hand, but not anymore, the finished product comes out so nice and looks so much more professional.
I want to cook more since I have my Kitchenaid; it makes all of those "little tasks" so much easier.
I have also found that its powerful motor helps it to pulverize certain ingredients that are usually put in a food processor.
oh yeah, and this is really solidly built.
I truly love this KitchenAid mixer! It's got the power to knead my bread dough while I'm busy greasing the pans.
The option of adding attachments like the Pasta Maker, the grater/slicer and the Meat Grinder make this a  fantastic all-purpose mixer.
I love being able to just toss in my  ingredients and let the mixer do all the work.
Turns making home made bread  into a joy instead of a chore.
I can't believe the quality that has gone  into this mixer.
I think that this is one of the finest wedding presents  you could get for a new bride.
My wife had been borrowing her mom's for Christmas baking, and has used it many times already.
I originally gonna buy it from Macys, but even with the rebate Macys offer, this amazon deal is still better.
This is my first Mixer, and i absolute love it, I don't bake often, so this is way enough for me.
A newly designed one-piece chute is now available for some KitchenAid mixers, and this would help considerably.
Better mixing results in better baked goods, and I expect to rely on my KitchenAid mixer for a long time to come.
It's been a real workhorse in my kitchen for 15+ years and counting.
This mixer, in my opinion, is a true workhorse!! It has stood up to just about every task that it was assigned to.
Comes with a wire whisk, flat beater and dough hook as standard equipment.
That's amazing, that's experience, that's knowllege, that's success!!It gets the job done!! Very phenomenal!!~Daquan13.
this is the first standing mixer I ever bought and I love it.
It's nice not to have to hold it and it mixes much better than a hand held one.
I know people aren't crazy about he bread making part but I don't use it.
The cakes and cookies I made are mixed very well and it seems thay are lighter and fluffy frostings.
It makes wonderful lump-free batters, stiff meringue, smooth frostings, perfect whipped potatoes, and even kneads bread dough.
There are a multitude of tasks the mixer can perform with optional accessories that are available for purchase.
So many possibilities...and all with the quality and classic styling you would expect from KitchenAid.
I bought this mixer for my wife and she absolutely loves it.
I love it,too because now she makes brownies and cakes more often!.
I waited many years desiring a Kitchenaid Mixer.
Thank you to this vendor making it affordable for us to purchase for a loving couple soon to be married.
We did not open the box containing the mixer as this is a gift.
I think this is the starting (cheapest) model of KitchenAid mixers, but it's definitely good enough for me.
I mostly  use it for cookies & cakes, though I've made pizza dough in it a couple of times.
It's definitely strong enough for any task I might need it for.
BUT, and here is the BUT, it doesn't do a good job of reaching the bottom of the mixing bowl.
For example, if I need it to beat a couple of eggs, it really can't (I use a whisk instead).
You also need to keep pushing down the dough that accumulates on the side of the bowl if you want an even mix.
But this is my first standing mixer, and for all I know, that's a problem with all of them.
In all, I really like it and would buy it again.
I bought several for some of our business operations.
My decision was based on the fact that the one I had in my bakery back in 1980 is still working.
I actually bought it in 1977 and used it at home, then daily in my bakery.
She bakes and uses it all the time.
Have never had a single bit of trouble at all.
Ever.So I bought myself a larger 6 quart model and same result.
For that I always spec the KitchenAid.You won't be disappointed.
I bought this kitchenAid mixer 15 years ago.
Every day I use it to make bread.
But it just isn't croaking, and I suppose I'm stuck with it for the rest of my life!.
I love my KitchenAid mixer and I use it all of the time.
These mixers really stand the test of time and this model doesn't disappoint in that area so far.
My only complaint is the high price of the attachments.
I have used it so far just for general mixing purposes and for dough.
I would recommend kneading dough by hand so as not to put too much strain on the motor, but it can do it.
I make a lot of Christmas cookies every year and this thing churns out batter and dough like crazy.
Prior to owning a Kitchen Aid mixer I was not a baker at all.
I love the versatility the kitchen aid mixers provide as well!  All the different attachments are a great bonus!Note to men.
Sometimes I turn back to my hand mixer and using my hands for more control.
I know people say it makes everything more convenient but I don't know about that.
I feel like I"m learning how to cook all over again.
I would purchase another KitchenAid product without any hesitation.
My wife and I received the KitchenAid Classic Mixer as a wedding gift, over 15 years ago.
We did have to replace the wire whip attachment - one of the wires popped out after about fourteen years.
I will say that was the attachment we used most, so it doesn't surprise me, since it does take a beating.
I thought it might be helpful for people to know that this is a highly reliable brand, that's built to last.
We use it mostly to make cookies, cakes, pastries, breads, omelletes, and the like.
I'd always wanted a KitchenAid stand mixer, but in the past they always seemed over my budget.
I use it about twice a week to make French bread, quick breads (like banana bread), cookies, and waffle batter.
I've thrown in up to eight cups of bread flour and the dough hook kneads the mixture with ease.
I don't make two double batches every day, but for the average, nonprofessional, occasional baker, it's all one would ever need.
The unit is easy to clean, just wipe it down after use.
It is quite heavy, over 25 pounds, so this is not an appliance to pull out of a cabinet when needed.
Better to give it its own permanent home on the countertop.
I'm considering buying an accessory three quart bowl, which should be more convenient to use when making a single batch.
Other than our coffee maker, this has quickly become the most-used appliance in the kitchen!.
I WAS SO IMPRESSED WITH THIS MIXER I ORDERED ONE FOR MY MOTHER IN LAW AND SEVERAL OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS.
AMAZON TRUELY HAS THE VERY BEST OF THE BEST BUYS.
I've yet, over the last 5 years, to throw anything in it that the motor couldn't deal with.
(Special note: I do not use it with bread.
But now that they are older, it's more about the end product, which is where the Kitchen Aid mixer comes in handy.
The metal bowl is large and easily holds dough for dozens of cookies.
Plus, its shaped to mix ingredients thoroughly without making a mess.
A real time saver.I've found clean up is easy.
The white outside gets washed down with a washcloth and everything else can go into the dishwasher.
The smooth metal is easy to clean by hand too.The only downside I would note is that the machine is heavy.
White works with everything.Pam T~(you must try Paul Deen's Ginger Snaps!!!  a family favorite).
Customer service was excellent and promptly sent out a new machine, even though I was three weeks shy of my warranty expiration date.
It requires that you turn your machine upside down and tighten one screw.
Problem solved.The machine works fine and is sufficiently powerful for my household needs; for just over $100, I am happy with my purchase.
With this machine I can make things I never could before, like cookies, and pizzas.
I've always hated sticking my hands in dough, but I rarely have to now.
I tend towards more "manly" cooking techniques: the hotter the fire, the spicier the recipe, the better as far as I'm concerned.
This does an extremely effective job of mixing ingredients without need for the bowl rotating, since the mixing motion covers the entire bowl.
For most mixing jobs, it also requires no scraping of the sides with the spatula.
In the last day, I've made pizza dough, bagels, and whole wheat bread.
Machine kneading takes a *lot* of the effort and variability out of making bread.
With the orbital motion, it comes right up to the edge of the bowl, so it is effectively scraping as it goes.
The whisk is great for egg whites and making whipped cream.
It will easily knead enough dough at once for two loaves of bread, or mix a double-batch of cookies.As for downsides: this thing is HEAVY.
You won't be moving it once it's in place.
If you knead very stiff dough, the bowl sometimes will get tightened to the extent that it is very difficult to remove from the base.
It's held in place well by something else, but sometimes it will slip when I'm wiping the machine off.
It's purely cosmetic from what I can tell, and it's the only thing that feels cheap in any way about this machine.
Other than that, I honestly haven't had a single complaint.In summary: this is an expensive mixer, but it is very well worth it.
I've had my kitchenAid mixer for 18 years.
I also have the meat grinder attachment and make the most heavenly freshly ground hamburgers.
The only problem is that I want an orange one and this white one shows no signs of slowing down.
Finally got around to getting one of my own, and very glad I did.
I can't stand using hand mixers after using these guys.
I've been using this mixer for ten years or more, all the time.
With this amazing machine I make yeast breads, whip up egg whites, whatever needs done.
We have made international moves and it always goes with us.No way would cooking be the same without my mixer!It is strong and trusty.
Believe me when I say it gets used many times each week.Can't believe anyone thinks it can't do breads!One of my best ever kitchen investments.
I dont use it a lot...but at least once or twice a week.
Prefer one mix at a time..ie 1 loaf of bread or pizza dough for a 12" pizza.
Todays price..April 6/05 with the bonus is excellent.
Using the special attachment, egg whites and whipping cream beat up really quickly and reliably, too.
My husband says it's the best gift he ever gave me because he's enjoyed all the goodies made by it!.
I have no complaints at all, it works great.
I mostly make bread with it, it does fine kneading 2-4 cups of high protein bread flour.
Check the model numbers, I hear the Wal-Mart version has a tendency to burn up the motor/strip gears.
I recently purchased this stand mixer because my extremely old Sunbeam mixer was underpowered and lacked the features of the KitchenAid.
The 4 1/2 quart mixer is perfect for a home hobbyist/cook such as me.
It has a VERY powerful motor and has handled everything I have thrown at it with ease.
Anyone who buys it will not be sorry!.
This has to be the best mixer I have ever owned.
It does everything you need it to do and more! Very sturdy if you can afford one get one you won't be sorry!.
This mixer will change the way that you bake! I absolutely love it.
It whips up a cake in no time at all.
It takes just a few minutes to cream 3 sticks of butter and 3 cups for sugar.
This mixer is definitely a time-saver! I love my mixer!.
It was an upgrade to our old handheld mixer.
Unlike my hand held mixer, I love to use my KitchenAid mixer.
It's well built, heavy, has enough speeds, powerful, has plenty of attachments available and it looks good too.
Con about this model would be that the mixing bowl doesn't have a handle.
It's a little awkward to poor out of it.
You're required to use two hands if the bowl is heavy.
Another con is also a pro, the appliance itself is very heavy.
Once you set it on the counter, it's probably where it will stay.
It didn't even break really, just a couple of speeds stopped working.
I never believed the hype until I registered for and received one as a wedding gift a year and a half ago.
This mixer is AMAZING!  The motor is extremely powerful (although a little ear-piercing at the higher speeds) and the machine is super easy to clean.
Aside from that, this machine has turned me into a baker and THAT was a miracle all in itself.
Also, it just looks fantastic out on the counter.
I have to say that I have wanted a KitchenAid Stand Mixer for years, and would definitely not settle for any brand besides a KitchenAid.
I have heard that the SunBeam models work perfectly fine, but they do not seem to be as easy to use to me.
Where do I start with my singing of praises, now that I have one? I really really love my little Stand Mixer.
It is really easy to use, and makes things like creaming sugar and butter, and whipping whip cream so much faster and easier.
I bought this for my high school aged son who is an aspiring cook, chef, and baker.
I contemplated paying close to $600 for the larger and more powerful mixer.
But, for a starter cook, it was too much to invest.
For regular household use, this model is sufficient.
It can be noisy but not too bad.
The speeds are fast and turbo so go easy when first using it.
I remember growing up hearing my mother talk about how badly she wanted a Kitchenaid.
No specific mention of the product, but we all knew what she meant: a countertop stand mixer.
As I got older I realized that I, too would appreciate a permanent mixing device, complete with attachments for kneading bread and whipping up things.
A few years ago, Amazon.com had a deal that couldn't be beat: free shipping and $25 off a $125 purchase or more.
After owning this mixer for several years, I figured that it is time to spread the joy to others about how nice this machine is.
The latter two are coated with nylon to protect them.
Of the wisk, several years later and MANY washings, it has not rusted and still comes clean easily.
And the best thing? You can walk away while it is mixing to do something else.
If you are buying this mixer with the hopes of embellishing it with the multitude of attachments, be aware that they can be pricey.
Kitchenaid makes all of their mixers with metal gears (rather than plastic that many cheaper models use).
As a result, this machine weighs quite a bit.
At the minimum it would break a bone or two, and the worst, it could be very, very bad.
Whether you are baking a cake or kneading bread dough, this mixer is a workhorse and will get the job done.
The best part is that it frees you up to attend to other things while it sits on the counter taking care of business.
With the myriad of attachments that you can get, the list of things that you can make with your Kitchenaid stand mixer is almost limitless.
So go ahead and indulge! I promise that you will not be disappointed!.
Wow!!!! To say that I love my Kitchenaide is an understatement.
My mixer was a Christmas present from my husband.
Did some checking for him and discovered Amazon offered it at a lower price than anyone.
On top of that it was on sale.
Sweet!!!!I researched stand mixers prior to telling my husband "this one".
I found mostly good reviews but there were a few bad ones too.
One complaint was that the beater didn't mix all the way down to the bottom of the bowl.
Kitchenaide a solution to the problem (see link below).
Fortunately, I did not need to adjust mine and it mixes well.
Another complaint was the mixer was loud but it isn't any louder than a hand held mixer.
The mixing sound is not an annoying one.
There was one review that I do agree with and that is the mixer is heavy.
Be prepared to make room on a counter top or have an  place to store it with easy access.
This mixer is a real workhorse! I have done so much stuff with machine that I would not dare try with a hand mixer.
This machine will handle anything you throw at it, from whipping cream, mixing chocolate chip cookie dough w/ nuts, to really stiff bread dough.
I've only used my mixer a couple of times, but each time I'm thankful that I chose the stand mixer.
All these years, I've always had a little hand held mixer.
I received one of these as a shower gift in 1988.
I still have that same mixer on my counter today.
and yes, it still works as perfectly as the day I first got it.
it has moved 5 times, and no, I did not keep the packaging to repack with each move, but survived my own boxing each time.
I use this mixer so often I never put it away.
its been used at a minimum of once a week (usually more) since I got it.
twice I have readjusted the height of the paddle.
I wish all my small appliances worked this well.
I bought 2 of these for Christmas presents.
I needed a mixer because i was forced into baking my own bread due to illness.
This mixer has become my new best kitchen friend.
I even use it to make scrambled eggs for two.
No matter how small the job it's still less of a clean-up than if I used my hand mixer.
A small inconvenience to put up with in order to have a great little workhorse.
I am disabled, and before purchasing this product, baking was almost impossible for me.
Being newly married, money is a little tight.
But we felt that it was an investment-something that will last us through the years.
I cannot lift or move this mixer myself, I have to ask my husband to do so.
But this is not really a problem for me.
The head lifts and lowers very smoothly, and the bowl attaches to the base so easily that it barely requires any effort.
It's a bit difficult to get the mixture from the bowl into the baking pan.
Aside from that though, great product!  Clean up is very easy.
This is the only appliance we received as a wedding gift -- from my Mom, of course! :) -- that is still alive and kicking.
I have had my cobalt blue mixer for about 6 years now.
I shopped around and I don't think there is a better mixer, unless you get into the bigger Kitchenaides.
All the reviews on Cooks illustrated and the Cooking bibles that are out there recommend the Kitchenaide mixers.
They just suggest picking the size and price you can afford.I loved the fact I could get it in blue.
It has no fussy little buttons or features that would be hard to keep clean with frequent use.
You have two levers one for speed and one to lock the bowl down.
There is easy cleaning of its smooth lacquered metal surface.I use my mixer at least 2 times a week.
Occassionally, I have made bread in it and [supposedly] that is the real test of a mixer.
You can leave it at high speed without concerning yourself that it will self-destruct.
I broke another brand big mixer about the same price as this one, by not holding it down while mixing chocolate chip cookie dough.
I turned for a second and it rocketed off a counter and broke on the floor.
Not just the bowl but the cheap plastic mixer housing.
It never has spots on the bottom it misses and if it is a dough it effectively gets all the ingredients involved.
I plan on trying some in the future.
People who do not like or who do not cook and bake probably cannot fathom why anyone would pay so much for a mixer.
the KitchenAid whisk beaters make better egg whites and whipped items than any machine I have ever used or owned.
The basic beater handles batters and cake mixes better than any other brand.I know of no excellent cook that doesn't own a KitchenAid mixer.
I have owned my Kitchenaid mixer for 15 years.
How I got along before that, I don't know.
I didn't make bread (at least without a large amount of hand-kneading).
I  made souffles, angelfood cake and meringue that were hardly ever light and  airy.
I have done triple batches of  cookies (they barely fit in the bowl).
I have yet to overheat  it or cause any problems with this mixer.
Generally, if it fits in the  bowl, this mixer can handle it.It is speedy as well.
Whipping egg  whites, yolks, and cream almost always takes less than half the time that  the recipe says it will take.
Creaming butter and sugar for cookies takes  seconds (unless the butter is frozen!).I'm not particularly fond of the  grinding or slicing attachments.
But  for all the mixing tasks it is excellent.
I have had my Kitchen Aide Mixer now for over 5 years and am always finding new uses for it.
I then purchased the meat grinder and sausage stuffer attachments, and now use my mixer to make 40 pounds of sausage twice a year.
I was initially concerned the motor might not hold up to the task, but it performed beautifuly.
My latest purchase was the pasta roller and pasta extruders.
Although I love the pasta roller attachment, I was disappointed in the pasta extruders.
I found it very difficult to produce decent pasta using them.
This great machine is MUCH more than just a table mixer!.
This is the one appliance in my kitchen I could not live without.
I use it for everything, and it has never failed me.
I've had mine 17 years and it still works as good as the day I took it out of the box.
I use mine mostly for bread, cookies, meatloaf, mashed potatoes, or cakes/brownies.
Frosting is a snap.Weight keeps it from bouncing around on the counter when mixing large batches of dough.Easy to clean.Looks.
Comes in very handy when making something that requires several stages of mixing.The flour guard (I'm sure there is an actual name for this).
You didn't need me to tell you this.
The one point I will make is select a color you can live with.
Mine is Harvest Gold, does that tell you how long I've owned it? (BTW  the color has come and gone, and is now back.
If you are trying to choose between stand  mixers, make sure you have enough cabinate height, the 5qt model is taller.
The old mixers had  one without a handle, and that one you can stack inside the one that comes  with this mixer.
Anyway look  around and see if you can find one before you buy another one with a  handle, or that too small other one.
I've had mine for about 6 years and no trouble so far.
If I had to do it all over again, I would have gotten a 400 or 500 watt model however.
I was using the flat beater as the manual indicates but it sounded like it was really straining.
I won't try that again.The quality of the mixer is great and it's very sturdy.
My advice is to really think about what the flat beater will be pushing around in the bowl though before choosing this particular model.
The dough hook isn't really an issue since it has a lot less surface area.
This turned out to be true.The first thing I made was a loaf of regular honey white bread.
It took three minutes to knock out a great dough using the dough hook.
The bowl and hook are not hard to clean.
From there, the dough rose in a pottery bowl and was dumped into a loaf pan.
While this is not quite as easy as the dump-and-go method in a bread machine, it is simple enough.
(We don't use the bread machine overnight for the &quot;wake-up-to-bread&quot; method as the thumping on the counter wakes us up.
If you like unattended breadmaking, the KitchenAid won't be as care-free.)Then I made mashed potatoes.
I peeled potatoes, microwaved the slices in water, then dumped them into the KitchenAid bowl with the paddle attachment.
They came out great.There are a number of attachments that go right on the front.
Since we like homemade bread from home-ground flour, we got the grain mill.
We also make our own Italian sausage, and there is a grinder set with a slicer, and sausage-stuffer tubes.
So all you need is this one device on the counter to do a lot of things for baking and cooking.
There are a lot of attractive colors to choose from, but we got the white one as it goes with any kitchen.
I and my fiancee bought it in December as a Christmas present for her Mom.
(Gave it to her early because she was baking us cookies).
They Cookies were great, and from what I have seen, and heard this is pretty much the best mixer you could possibly get.
(with the exception of the larger bowl versions).
There are no problems, it's easy to clean, and the bowl cover makes any job, a clean one.
I have owned my KitchenAid stand mixer for over 8 years and have had no problems with it whatsoever.
Even with the thickest dough and batters the KitchenAid never gives me any trouble.
So, if you are in the market for a stand mixer and want to get your moneys worth then look no further.
I own this mixer and the Kenwood (deLonghi)mixer and I prefer the Kenwood (DeLonghi).
I love this mixer, I really do, and if I never bought the Kenwood, I would never have much noticed any drawbacks.
But there are a few: The two piece splash shield is barely worthwhile.
The blades are MUCH better than the Kenwood's.
The attachments for the mixer are easy to use, easy to clean and easy to find.
The bowl is nearly perfect in shape and size and the handle is a gem.
When I bought this stand mixer, I nearly purchased a Kitchen Aid hand mixer instead, thinking of cost and kitchen real estate.
I'm so glad I decided to get this stand mixer after all.
I've only had it for a week, but I've already used it several times.
Now I'm beginning to wonder what I did without it.
Buy the meat grinder attachment, and you can prepare your own groud beef and sausage.
Add the pasta attachments to the meat grinder, and you have saved yourself the extra step of buying a bulky pasta maker.
The KitchenAid mixer is a solid and reliable work-horse.
As an experienced and avid cook, I can attest to the versatility and craftmanship of this mixer.
It is not only able to handle everything I have thrown at it, but the results have always exceeded my expectations.
Sometimes, I need to play with the speed knob to get it to engage the slowest speed.
Despite this minor complaint, I am still rating this mixer as 5 stars because of its durability, ease-of-use and overall appearance.
Once you have mixed and kneaded with a KitchenAid mixer you wil never want to use any other mixer!.
I can't imagine a better housewarming or wedding gift for anyone that  likes to cook, whether it's 5-course meals, or cakes and cookies.
You won't  find any other mixer that truly can handle tough tasks like kneading bread  dough.
After burning up several of the lesser expensive mixers, I began my search.
I began reading reviews on the Kitchen Aid product lines, liked what I saw, decided to take the plunge, and purchase a Kitchen Aid Mixer.
I was amazed at the quality of their products.
I have since upgraded to the 6 qt.
epicurian mixer for the larger size, power, etc.
especially since I do so much baking and cooking.
They also offer a large line of accesories that can be purchased for the mixer(s), which makes this product even more versitile.
Only downfall is make sure that once you find a place for the mixers, you leave it there.
I got my 4 1/2 quart mixer about 3 years ago.
The first year, it hardly got used, except at Christmas.
This year, I've used it a lot more.
It does shorten the mixing time on most things over a hand-held mixer.
I haven't made bread in it, because I love my bread machine.
Actually shorter than the full bread machine cyle, and SO MUCH BETTER!  and to the person whose bread machine 'knocks'.
Usually this is due to the dough being too dry (too much flour).
Read your manual on this, as this affects the locking machanism as well (won't lock properly if over-adjusted).
After several minor adjustments, this kink seemed to get worked out.
So I think I'll handwash from now on.
Other than that, I really love my mixer, and waited a very long time since trying out my mothers' years ago.
(she loves hers too!)I would recommend buying this mixer.
Do try it right away, on several things, because if it doesn't work right, take it back right away while under warranty.
I find no matter what the brand name or whether it's TV's or mixers, there can be a lemon in the batch.
Kitchenaid is still a great name, and can last for many years.
I've known for years that KitchenAid mixers are the best, but I had a Sunbeam stand mixer that worked pretty well.
I never eat canned whipped cream because it only takes a minute to make it fresh and it's so much better.
Add a little sugar, vanilla, and cocoa powder and you've got chocolate whipped cream.
But I wouldn't try to beat egg whites in a plastic bowl!http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/store/product/kitchenaid-reg-resuable-stand-mixer-bowl-liner-set-2-pack/1042447368?Keyword=kitchenaid+mixer.
This is one of those products that will probably outlast you.
You've seen those old kitchenaid mixers that your grandmother had still churning away after nearly 100 years.
So did I, that's why I bought this powerful beast.
And stylish?--bingo!  And quality?--Kitchenaid stands by everything they make.
My wife uses it for cookie dough and cream sauces.
The enclosed flat beater works well for those various uses.I use it and the dough hook to make various breads and pizza doughs.
This is a must have for anyone looking for a mixer.
After my old pump-driven Braun espresso machine died with a sorry wheeze, I decided to replace it with the Krups Novo 2300.
My friends said the espresso I used to make on the Braun was the best in NYC, and with the Krups it's even better.
I can make a cup of espresso with a thick and perfect crema ten times out of ten.
About the only thing I can fault is Krups' failure to include a proper tamper.
It heats water for espresso, and then uses a pump to develop enough pressure to force the water through a brewing head containing grounds.
The unit is inexpensively priced, but the buyer need not have any concerns about quality.
However, when compared to other pump-type espresso machines on the market it is an excellent value.
It will give you a deliciously rich cup of espresso on the first try.
The milk frothing attachment is a slightly odd siphon device.
Wow..judging from most of the reviews you would think this machine makes watery cremaless esspresso.
Faults I've read include bad filter seating, leaking at the seal, slushing grounds, water temperature not hot enough.
I didn't read the instructions and I barely tightened the seal because I didn't have a "feel" for the machine.
After I put more effort on the filter holder, and made sure no grounds were on the edge, my leakage problems stopped.
I attribute this to the fineness of the ground of the coffee and the tamping of the coffee in the filter.
I've found that different combinations produce differing amounts of crema.
I've read that 30 pounds is desired but I have not even tried that since I haven't had a need to.
I am sure the grind would have to be adjusted for this.Slushy coffee grounds probably depends on the grind and tamp.
I used a standard oven thermometer so can't be sure how accurate that is.
But supposedly, 190 to 210 for water temp is optimal.
I estimate that the water temp for the Krups is probably in that range on the low side.
I was concerned with the water not being hot enough until I actually measure the temp.
I'm okay with it now.My only complaint about it is that only short squatty cups can sit under the heads.
But I've worked around it by using short squatty containers and transferring the liquids to taller containers when drinking.
Plus I wish I would have gotten it in the gray.
Prefer using a microwave to heat and foam the milk, avoids the low cup-height problem.
I guess that I could be described as pretty brutal on coffee machines.
With entertaining guests as well as my appetite for coffee, many days this thing has had to brew 20 cups of coffee.
I am not a barista; I don't understand everything about coffee.
But I do know that the coffee that comes out of the this machine tastes better than out of the our old coffee maker.
I'm guessing that this is because of the cone-shaped filter, but I don't know.
The espresso maker is just as good in every way to other much more expensive machines that I have seen.
So would I recommend this machine?  Yes, definately.
And for the price, you absolutely can't beat it.
My aunt with a much more expensive machine covets ours whenever she comes over.Accesories?  The Krups coffee grinder is durable and easy to use.
It is prone to make a mess if you are not careful though.
However, it has lasted much longer than most coffee grinders I know of.
I would give it four stars, and would recommend it if you don't already own a grinder.Do not get the reusable filter.
It would take you about two years' worth of two brews a day with the paper filters to even match the cost.
We bought an espresso machine that was about $250 a while ago and never made a cup of anything because we couldn't figure it out.
I caught this one on sale and picked it up for $90 and am thrilled with it.
My coffee shop habit was running me about $8/day with cappuccino and a bagel, so this machine easily paid for itself.
It's also a handy place to keep the little pieces when the machine isn't in use.
Purchased in 2002, it is still running strong.
After many iterations of coffeemakers and espresso makers come and go, this one is still going strong.
It has survived several military moves and now still makes great coffee, espresso, and cappuccino.
After these many years of flawless use, I would highly recommend it to anyone who is a coffee lover or has relatives/guests who are.
There are follow on models to this and I will purchase one when (or should I say "if") this one fails.
the first one I owneed lasted sevn years.
I amm on my second one that has lasted as llong and still going.
I have no point of reference other than a standard drip coffee maker.#1.
Add the water, the expresso, push the switch and you're ready to go.#2.
You can  run out of steam for frothing.
It  is something you learn after you use it a couple of times.#3.
The  steam section is a pain to clean, with 4 little parts to mess with.
You do  have to clean them each time (unless you do an immediate subsequent use),  as the milk scalds to the hot steam pipe.
I have to use a little scrubber  to do this, as a dish cloth is insufficient.#4.
The quality of the  expresso is very good.
I'm comparing this to expresso purchased at a  Starbucks or other expresso place.#5.
It does not come with a frothing  pitcher.
This was a pain, as you have to get just the right size.
I found  a cheap little 1/2 cup stainless pitcher from Target worked well.
It is  too bad they didn't include one.#6.
This is a great expresso maker to learn on.
I have had it for more years than I can think of.
I don't even know where that one is anymore - a real waste of money.
I have had this model for several years and just love it.
I grind my own beans pack them lightly in the cup poor in the water and thats it.
I like a latte and the milk foamer works great.
I like lots of foam in mine and this machine is easy to use and very economical too.
It takes little to no skill to operate.
I've always considered Krups items as high end, quality products & this is no exception.
Very easy to use,& accomplishes it's mission very well.
I used to work @ an espresso bar,& I was surprised to see how well the frother works on this model.
I know there are some bad reviews of this product, and they caused me some trepidation before purchasing.
I don't know where I else I could've found such a great combination of value and quality.
This works just fine, and we were surprised that even mediocre coffee beans produced decent cappucino.
Our only objection is the slippery base that &quot;holds&quot; the glass carafe.
It's very easy to knock the carafe off, and as we have a marble counter, I'm just waiting for a crash.
(I've already broken one.)  The glass of the carafe itself is thin and eggshell-like.
Also, the straw-like gizmo on the foamer has a small plastic cap that's easy to pop off and lose down the drain.
When this happens, the foamer doesn't work well.
You can replace both items, but they're not cheap.
Which of course makes us suspect that Krups designed them to break or get lost in the first place.
It heats water for espresso, and then uses a pump to develop enough pressure to force the water through a brewing head containing grounds.
The unit is inexpensively priced, but the buyer need not have any concerns about quality.
The espresso sometimes has an excessive bitterness which seems to be alleviated if I don't collect the last drizzles in the cup.
Perhaps someone can clarify if this is a shortcoming of steam-driven machines? Also, the steam from the foaming wand isn't enough to heat milk adequately.
However, when compared to other pump-type espresso machines on the market it is an excellent value.
It will give you a deliciously rich cup of espresso on the first try.
The milk frothing attachment is a slightly odd siphon device.
I've had to return every one that wasn't this model because they just didn't make a good quality satisfying cappuccino.
The Krups Bravo Plus is perfect for the type of espresso drinker who needs a serious caffeine buzz about once or twice a week.
The four espresso-cup capacity will get about two people &quot;high on bean&quot; in about five minutes.
The steamer works well too, but requires proper maintenance so that it doesn't get plugged with milk.
I was feeling guilty for throwing away paper filters each day.
Now with the &#34;gold tone&#34; filter, there is no paper involved.No trip to Walmart when I am out of filters!  lol.
Coffee still tastes great and clean-up is easy.Highly recommend!.
This thing is great, as I believe that the coffee stays fresher in bean form until needed.
Also At work it is fun to be one up on those people that tote their cans to work.
So you may need more than one coffee grinder.The case is durable and the motor does not bog down.
The only drawback I have found is when changing coffee types; you need to get your finger in there to clean out the residue.
We had to go back to paper filters while our coffee pot and Krups gold filter were in storage during a move.
So I had a chance to compare, again, the gold filter versus the paper cones.
It is a pain to remember to buy filters, and sometimes the grocery store is out of stock.
I like the brown unbleached filters and those are not always available.2.
If you use this gold-coated filter, you should NOT grind your coffee too fine.
(We grind our own in a small electric mill.) The filter allows somewhat more sediment through than the paper variety.
I don't like finding even a small amount of sludge at the bottom of my mug.
A careful grind does take care of this problem, however.4.
This removes any bad-tasting residue that can accumulate.All in all, when we unpacked our filter and started using it again, I was very happy.
I recommend it if you have a cone-filter type coffee pot.
I've been using the gold tone filter since day one and I haven't had any problems.
When I grind coffee for my Krups coffee maker myself, I try to match the grind of the pre-ground coffee.
I use a larger grind for my French press and it still has more sediment than coffee made with the gold tone filter.
Perhaps I am not a coffee connoisseur because I haven't noticed any metallic taste.
I also love to put my filter in the dishwasher.
I bought this machine a few years ago and have been using it regularly ever since.
It is solid, simple and easy to use.
Learning to make the dough is much harder than learning to use the machine.
And the pasta!  Lasagna made with fresh pasta is a whole new dish.
My 20 year old son also borrows the machine when he wants to cook to impress.Overall, I only regret not buying one long ago.
The Imperia Pasta Machine is well-made and easy enough to use.
It doesn't take much effort at all to turn the crank when you're making pasta; a small child could easily perform this task.
Drawbacks: You have only one hand to work the dough with when you're cranking with the other hand, which slows you down a bit.
When I got it, I actually spent ten minutes looking through the instruction manual.
EVERY complaint I had read about it, was covered.
The people that could not use it did not read the short manual and follow it.
We do not even let the pasta dry.
I make a handful and drop it into boiling broth, quickly make another and do the same.
I have figured out the size of the chunks to feed into it to get exactly what I want.
Try FRESH pasta that has never dried!!  Or try fresh pasta that has the spices already in the dough mix.
While I wouldn't want to run a large amount of pasta through this machine (it's fairly small), it works great for home cooks.
Nevertheless, it works fine and makes great pasta.
I've had mine for about 5 years and through about 3 cycles of enthusiasm.
It is relatively easy to use but does require some patience and testing.
What is the 'right' thickness for your pastas? Depends on how you prepare  the dough (amt of water, eggs -- if any).
Also, it is also critical to set  up a drying rack of some sort.
I ended up with about 10 dowel rods that I  had to hang from the ceiling.
There are drying racks on the market but I  have not been impressed by their construction.
The  taste is unlike anything you'll get at the store -- notably better than  pre-packaged fresh.
Solid construction  -- I promise you won't need to buy a second one.
A great book to go with is  'The Pasta Bible' -- one of the few books with dough recipies as well as  sauces.
This is a manuel machine, but it works great.
If you follow the directions on how to prepare it before the first use, you will not have a problem with it.
It's very low tech and these have been around for decades.Just some helpful hints for using the Cucinapro.1.
The thin noodle (tagliatellini) attachment will produce spaghetti-like thin noodles.
But you need to dry the pasta sheets somewhat before you cut them.
Otherwise they stick together and you will be saying nasty words in your kitchen.2.
Just brush the thing out with a stiff pastry brush.3.
The pasta dough is best left to rest for 20 minutes, at least, under a damp tea towel.
This allows the gluten in the flour to relax enough for you to roll it out.
You go through the thickness settings from widest to narrowest, rolling out the dough and folding it into thirds, then re-rolling.
If the dough piece gets unwieldy and way too long, just cut it in half, then process the halves separately.
It means shorter noodles, but a lot easier handling for you.5.
Unless you really insist, you don't have to use semolina flour.
In fact, this flour is often grainy and produces a less smooth result at home.
And if you don't want egg yolk, just add egg whites, or those imitation eggs that are mostly egg white.
If you want spinach or carrot or beet pasta, you can buy powdered vegetables that have been freeze-dried and sprayed to a fine consistency.
This is an easy way to add color and flavor, without having to squeeze out pots of spinach into a nasty mess.
Commercial cooking catalogs from baking and gourmet supply companies often sell these powders.7.
The home-made pasta is brittle, so really, making extra and storing it is less successful than making it fresh.
Your counters may be quite a bit thicker.
So it can be hard to figure out where to mount the machine.
Sometimes a kitchen table will do instead of the kitchen counter.
Or you can drill a cut out under the lip of the counter for the clamp.
If you are clever, it won't be visible.
I bought this as a gift for my husband and he's really happy with it.
Believe me, it's worth it!!  This machine is pretty decent, I have not had many problems with it.
The one downside is that cleaning up after the machine is a little bit of an ordeal.
For the price though, it's worth it!  Highly recommend!!.
I have to admit that my first couple of encounters with a pasta machine were.
But now that I've got a feel for it, my pasta machine has become my favorite (non-electric) kitchen tool.
Find a recipe for pasta dough (sautewords-dot-blogspot-dot-com has one for tarragon pasta).
It should be firm and elastic, *not* sticky.
This one is really important, as we found out the hard way.
The gluten in the flour will fight back if you don't let it relax.
(This gives you spaghetti/linguine that's 8" to 9" long, a comfortable size to my taste.
Scrub around the rollers and cutters with a dry pastry brush, and follow with a wipedown with a dry paper towel--that's it.
If this sound unsanitary to you, maybe you shouldn't eat fresh pasta.
You don't use soap and water to clean a pasta machine, any more than you'd use it on a well-seasoned cast-iron skillet.
The pastamaker's tittle-tattle is that the Atlas is "better made," but I don't know in what respect.
They're both made in Italy (avoid pasta machines made in China, they ARE junk).
I do know that the Atlas clamp accommodates a wider range of counter thicknesses, so if that's important to you, you might check it out.
I don't give a rat's patootie for gourmet snobbery.
But I love to make pasta, because (a) it's fun, and (b) it tastes great.).
I already had a polymer clay 'pasta machine' that I purchased at Michael's.
It worked, but kept jamming, and it continually left ridges in the clay.
I was looking for another machine that was for craft use, but no longer trusted the craft industry to produce one that was smooth-operating.
When I saw this one, which was about the same price that I paid for my craft machine, I decided to take a chance.
I have a 3" lip on my craft cart and needed a longer jaw on the clamp.
Since most clamps with longer jaws also don't fit through the provided hole, I decided to clamp it in a different place.
I can place the machine anywhere on the cart, and still clamp it.
Because I thought this would be incredibly difficult.
Minor criticism, though: I don't understand the little tray my machine came with (the instructions don't tell you how to use it).
It's kind of hard to find a place in my kitchen to secure it, but other than that, it works fine.
Haven't tried the cutting attachment, but for rolling out simple dough, it works fine.
My daughter is a very good cook, but had never made her own pasta.
I was she very excited about getting this noodle maker.
She thinks it very high quality and she will use it a lot.
Overall a very good pasta roller for the price...even comes with attachments.
It's not exactly designed to take a ball of dough and spit out a paper-thin sheet.
Rather, make sure it's not too thick and crank slowly!.
And it didnt take long for me to get it.
Once I was finish the &#34;first run/cleaning&#34; I had it.
She says that it makes pasta making fun fast and easy and to use.
Someone needs to hold the pasta while one person cranks.
My counters are too thick, and the clamp screw doesn't have enough travel to allow it to grab onto a 1/2&#34; cutting board.
Oh, well...There are a few things to remember: 1) be patient.
Ignore the whining in the other reviews.I recommend the CucinaPro 177 very highly.
only used this once so far and i didn't have any problems with it until i was close to the end of my dough batch.
In my experience letting the dough rest a bit before cutting is a big help.
And you haven't lived if you've never had lasagne made with fresh pasta.
Can you tell I like to cook? ;o)It only takes a few batches to get a feel for proper dough consistency.
I paid a lot more for mine several years ago -- pre Amazon.
I love this rack, before had noodles spread all over dining room table.
Now their on the counter, dry in no time, neat and clean.
If you make pasta this is the rack to get.
'Where should I put this?' you ask innocently.
The answer is that there is no good place anywhere in your kitchen.
Unless you want to initmately know the anger of a sicilian, buy this.
I've had one of these for about 10 years now, and it works fine.
I have to admit when I first bought it, I was a little taken aback at how flimsy it was.
However, as another reviewer pointed out, you're holding a few ounces of pasta, not a 10 pound roast.
Unlike other dryers, the dowels are easily removed from the rack.
I start with all the dowels out of the rack.
Then I place it in the rack, pick up another dowel and repeat.
When the pasta is dry, I just hold the dowel over a pot of boiling water or a freezer bag, and slide the pasta off.
No big deal.As I said, it is a little flimsy, but heck, it costs less than a six-pack of good ale.
If this one ever breaks or gets too grody to use, I'll certainly get another.
This thing is ingenious...really perfect for the job at hand.
If you assemble it right the rack just folds up flat and.
It would be very difficult to make pasta with out this handy device.
We use it often because we make pasta several times a month and when guests arrive they LOVE to help with the process!.
See below for the questions to these answers (unless you're Alex Trebek...)1.
Actually, I found that the top rack of the dishwasher worked pretty well.
The perimeter of ours just about equals enough pasta for our family of four.
But this presupposes an empty dishwasher--an uncommon state of affairs for our family of four.2.
Don't tighten the two screws through the bottom cross-members (the &quot;feet&quot; of the two &quot;legs&quot;) quite as much as the others.
Ditto for the screws holding the two &quot;shoulders.&quot; Then, when it's time to put it away, just twist the feet and shoulders 90 degrees.
Voila! A completely flat rack, which happens to fit perfectly into the Elfa cart on which I do my pasta kneading and rolling.
It was clearly designed to fold this way, as the feet and shoulders are just short enough to fit.3.
Beats the dickens out of peeling it off the dishwasher racks![1.
Where did you dry your pasta before you bought this rack?2.
Quoting a previous reviewer more or less freely, &quot;I'd like to know what they did to get this thing to store flat.&quot;3.
We use this item every week to dry our home made pasta and it saves it from getting disturbed.
It folds up for storage easily and is easy to clean.
I bought this to go with the pasta maker I bought her.
This simple well-built product does a very good job of making raviolis.
Oiling them lightly seems to improve things and prevents the pasta from sticking to the frame.Wash the machine very thoroughly before using.
The one I bought had an unexpected amount of grease on it.
Put it in the dishwasher before using and all will be well.Don't overfill the ravioli.
I'm not suggesting parsimony, just don't cram too much in.Don't make the ravioli dough too thin.
On my Atlas pasta machine I set it at #4.
Very thin dough will tear when being made into ravioli and is more likely to break apart when being boiled.
Thick dough works, it just doesn't taste as good.Last point - mine came with a mini rolling pin.
If you ever saw the tasty but misshapen lumps of ravioli I used to make, you'll understand why.
I bought this to use with the KA pasta roller attachment.
My only complaint is that it doesn't seem sharp enough to easily cut the ravioli.
I go over and over with my rolling pin and still have to do final cutting with my pizza wheel.
If not for this, it would be 5 stars plus.
Or if you fail to press hard enough to cut apart the raviolis.
Watery fillings don't cut it, so squeeze out that spinach and watch that lobster mousse.
If you follow directions and have the right touch, all will go well.
A few fancy seafood-filled ones on a plate napped with saffron-scented cream sauce and your friends will think you are a magician.
I love it, but I accidentally ran it through the dishwasher (like I always did with my other one) and it turned black.
So buy it, it's solid and makes nice big raviolis, but hand wash only!.
Also, I think brushing the edges around the filling with egg or water will help give a better seal.
I make 40 raviolis at a time and they have all kept their contents from spilling out into the boiling water.
It's actually a bit of work, but the taste is otherworldly and definately worth it when you can spare the time.
VillaWare V5500  10-Square Ravioli MakerThis turned out to be extremely easy to use.
From Start to Finish it took about an Hour and a half to make a batch of 50 Ravioli's.
That includes Grinding the Pork, Making the Filling and Making the Dough.
This is waaaay better than any Foreman grill.
It's large, has a timer button on it, side tray to collect grease drippings.
The trays easily come out if they need to be cleaned.
I mean what else can you ask for?  It gets hot in 5 mins.
Cooks frozen hamburgers in 15 mins (thawed cooks in 5-7 mins).I am amazed this grill is not more popular.
I started out with Hamilton Beaches smaller grill, is exaclty like this one but is smaller.
I used that one for years and just decided to upgrade to more grill space.
Love this indoor grill, I wont buy anything else.
The warm up time needs to be about 10 minutes for good grilling.
Easy to clean removable grids are a plus.
Just drop in the dishwasher and your done.
Nice large cooking area can be used both open or closed.
Grilling time is very fast with it closed.
I do recommend this grill for fast easy preperation of food and the food tastes very good off the grill.
I bought this to replace a Villaware grill which I also bought on Amazon.
We also grilled veggies and all sorts of meats.
We love the moist taste.We do use fat free cooking spray in order to keep the cleaning easy.
We did wash it in the dishwasher without any problem but we like to handwash the grills in general.
If you wash it fast enough (or reheat the grill) the cleaning process is very easy.The grill heats up very fast.
It is a grill that comes without fancy controls.
You can't immerse them or put them in the dishwasher.
Knock yourself out.However, if you can think of something, anything, you would rather do, buy this grill.
YOU CAN PUT THE GRILL PLATES IN THE DISHWASHER OR SINK!!!  Hello! This isn't brain surgery.
If you are going to have to spend a lot of time cleaning it, you aren't going to use it.And it grills great, too.
After researching several grills, I decided upon this one.
I've only used it twice, but I've been really happy with it's performance.
I like the fact that it has a timer, so I won't burn my food when I get busy with something else.
All in all, though, it's a nice grill.
Better to just wash them by hand, which is why I didn't give it 5 stars.
This Hamilton Beach Meal Maker helps us prepare delicious meals throughout the week.My husband enjoys preparing the meals.
Any meal he has decided on that involves a grill, this comes in handy.
Replaced an earlier version that &#34;mysteriously&#34; cracked (kids are not confessing to dropping it while putting it away).
Loved the first one and love this one.
the only negative was that this one took a little longer to &#34;season&#34;  the nonstick smell while cooking took a few times to dissipate.
nice large cooking area; great for a family of 4.
I am surprized of how much fat and drippings are left over in the drip-tray.
But the meat and hamburger taste very good.
i wasn't sure about this grill....until i read the reviews.
the other reviewers had great things to say about grill.
so i took a chance and my husband and i love this grill.
its easy to use easy to clean dishwasher safe (woohoo!!!!) its just great.
we eat a lot of grilled foods and this is perfect.
i had actually bought a george foreman before this and returned it....very glad i did.
if you need a grill buy this one.
I will never go back to the George Forman grill.
With the Forman grill you have to place a container in front.
If you misplace this container or forget - you get grease all over.
With the hamilton beach, the drip contain is attached to the side, already in place.Cons - I couldn't find any.
I have the smaller Foreman Grill but needed something larger and this was it.
With removable grills, the clean up was much easier than the Foreman grill.
Wanted to upgrade to a larger grill so I chose this model for the combination of features I was looking for.
Foreman and then I had a more basic model Hamilton Beach.) Really like having the removable grill plates!!  Much easier for cleaning.
MUCH cheaper than the Geo Foreman ones that don't have nearly the versatility of this Hamilton Beach model.
Love how the drip tray slides in too instead of sitting on the counter like the Foreman grills.
This model also opens up so you can use both surfaces separately.
That's a nice touch even though I prefer just using it closed.
I also prefer the rectangular shape because it takes up less space on a counter top than the round G.
Will get a great deal of use out of this baby!  Love the shiny black finish too.
At that time, I don't think George Foreman was even offering a grill yet that offered removable plates.
I owned a small GF grill and loved it...except for the dreaded, despicable cleanup.
I love the larger size of the grill.
But the best thing is the removable grill plates.
By the time we finish a meal, they are usually cooled off, and I put them right into the dishwasher.
Because of the easy cleanup, I use it quite a bit, for things such as burgers, steaks, pork chops, chicken, fish, grilled vegetables, etc.
I also like the design of the grease drip tray.
Every once in awhile, I'll use a Clorox wipe, and give it a really good wiping all over.
I have never owned this kind of grill before - I don't know how I lived without it before.
I use it every day - It's fast, easy to use, easy to clean and makes great tasting food.
It makes that food taste fabulous with nothing added.
And you don't have to cook it for an hour.
Grilled Chicken breast takes 5 (five) minutes!  Same for hamburger or steak.
Not having time to cook is no longer an excuse for me to eat junk food.This grill is GREAT.
I use this grill every single day - and sometimes twice a day.And it's totally non-stick - it's even more non-stick than most non-stick pans.
I'm not sure how they did that - but I'm impressed.
LOVE it!  The grill plates come out and pop in the dishwasher, which is fantastic.
It's large enough to do 3 burgers at the same time.
We've had this one several years and use it all the time, and it's still going strong.
I must say that I never saw any tin from cutting falling in the can.
Now..when I first got this many years ago, it took a few tries to get coordinated as I was used to a stand up unit.
Once I got the hang of it, I never stopped and fell in love with this particular can opener.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A MORE RELIABLE CAN OPENER IN MY LIFE.
I wrote to Krups to tell them how much I love it and wish they would start making them again.
I can't really remember when I bought this one but it has to be at least over 10 years and it is still like new.
For example I just bought a new Hamilton Beach hand mixer  and the 2nd time I used it I was trying to make mashed potatoes.
It started to smell like the motor was burning up and you could smell melting wires? I immediately sent it back to AMAZON.
So I have a very bad taste in my  mouth for a Hamilton Beach product.
I guess I am going to have to break down and buy someones used Krups 404.
I look forward to hearing back from you.
I've had my Krups Open Master a long time; I think I got it shortly after they started making them.
Only recently has the motor been getting balky and the opener less efficient.
This can take a little trial and error.
It's impossible to cut yourself, and the cutting blade doesn't get dirty.Not perfect, but very good.
I bought this for my husband who cooks constantly.
He uses it daily and prefers it over the hand crank kind.
I agree that it does an efficient job of removing the lid on a can.
It removes it completely - unlike the hand crank kind that leaves one small edge attached sometimes - and it comes off with smooth edges.
The fact that it needs to be plugged in each time you use it bothers me.
But I personally think it's a hassle to dig it out of the cupboard each time.
I still reach for the hand cranked one.
We have owned our Krups 404-70 for over twelve years and absolutely love it.
My husband & I received this can opener as a wedding gift in 1997.
I wish I could buy another one, but it looks like it's no longer being made.
We just bought a Hamilton Beach can opener that opens on the sides of the cans.
I won this and just tried it today and still feel in heaven with the taste.
It has easily assembly with only about 6 parts.
You need to freeze the container for 24 hours before you make the ice cream.
Than you make you mix and dump it in.
It spins(fairly loudly) for 20-60 minutes(your choice of hardness) Than you take it out and refreeze it for about 1/2 an hour.
Than the heavenly ice cream is ready to eat.
It doesn't make a lot, but its great.
The only set back I have found is with the vanilla ice cream.
It takes vanilla beans in my recipe and they are quite expensive.
I don't know how people say its not a great machine.
I absolutely love it and hope you will too.
I have made dozens batches in mine and I love it.
Here's my reactions to the criticism I've seen here.
It is noisy; I don't know how other models compare but they could well be quieter.
The lid is hard to snap on but after a few tries it's not that bad.
But the complaints about soft ice cream seem unfair.
All home ice cream makers (ones without their own cooling power) will make soft ice cream.
It's still good, but ideally I make it 2-4 hours before serving and it firms up just enough.
Finally, I recommend &quot;How to Make Ice Cream&quot; by the editors of Cook's Illustrated for the authoritative guide to ice cream making.
The recipes aren't exotic, but once you have the basics down, it's easy to modify these recipes.
Back when we were making up our wedding registry, my then-fiance (now husband) really wanted an ice cream maker.
The store we registered at had three options: the Krups, the Cuisinart and one that used salt.
The mixer is very strong and we've yet to  mix up a batch too thick for it.
You  wouldn't believe the raves we've received on the varieties of ice cream  we've made.
What more could you ask for?Another reviewer mentioned the  scarcity of recipes that came with the machine.
To be honest, we've never  tried any of them.
The most requested batch we've made came from  &quot;Williams-Sonoma's Ice Creams and Sorbets&quot; book - it's the recipe  for Cantaloupe Sorbet with Minted Melon.
We've also found Ben &amp; Jerry's  book to be a winner as well.
But in terms of performance, this little machine came through just fine.
I'm looking forward to another summer full of cinnamon ice cream!.
I've seen many on here with the leaky bowls.
I actually got a replacement from Krups...WITH THE SAME LEAK!  Disappointing, but this machine makes amazing ice cream and sorbet.
This revealed the gasket which lays on the collar of the inner bowl (about 3/4" wide).
The inner metal bowl sets into the outer plastic bowl which has this freezing gel stuff in it.
There are lots of narrow gaps on the inside of both the collar and large outer plastic bowl.
I now gripped the bowl under my arm again, and twisted the collar COUNTER CLOCKWISE until it would twist no more.
I froze for 24 hours (rock solid), removed it, and just ran about a quart of water into the bowl and let it sit there.
Upon fully thawing, I dumped the water, wiped it completely dry, and shook it around, upside down, etc, for a few minutes.
I let it sit again for 24 hours, checked it, and there is ZERO GEL LEAKING!!  That is how you fix the bowl.
What works best is to return the bowl to the freezer for between 2 to 24 hours for the ice cream to set.
It's hard to screw it up, unless you're subsituting milk for cream.
Spend the money and buy the good stuff, instead of cutting corners using milk.
If you like soft serve, then more toward two, hard pack, 24.Sorbets can be tricky, and the book even alleges as much.
Having given visitors tastes, I find people confuse sorbets and sherbet a lot.
They eat orange sorbet and expect to each orange sherbet.
Preheat, and mist top & bottom with canola oil (I like a refillable pump).
Then pour the batter in the center and it distributes well by flowing naturally.
To avoid damaging the non-scratch surface, use a plastic fork or the tool that comes with a George Foreman grill.
If you preheat with a mist of oil, and remove the waffles not prematurely, they should not stick.
Also if your recipe has some oil in it, that helps.
I love how it stands up in the cupboard.
Red means it's the correct temperature and Green means busy cooking - don't open yet.
But the lights are not labeled, and if you make waffles infrequently it's hard to remember which light is which.
Also when the Green light turns off, it's time to open and remove the waffles, but that's the only indication you get.
It's lightweight and easy to transport and store.
I have never been disappointed by a Krups product yet, and this unit is no exception.
I happily received this is a Christmas gift after our previous waffle maker broke.The very next morning I started to make waffles for my family.
I used the recipe in the manual and poured the batter into the iron.
Then I set a kitchen timer for 4 minutes and came on here to look at the reviews.
If the end result of the waffles were not satisfactory, I would have returned the unit.
Sometimes you can't have all the features perfect in a waffle iron - so settling for hot handles is a small sacrifice.
I'd rather deal with a hot handle than cool handles and a poor waffle!.
I slapped together a generic Waffle recipe found in an older cookbook to give this waffle-maker a try.
I enjoyed it! At first, it was a little odd, because the grooves are very deep.
I am used to the flatter waffles, so I was not filling the grooves in enough.
You have to fill the unit up almost until spilling to get enough batter in there to fill the top half of the mold.
Or, maybe my mix was not quite right, and did not rise enough.I really enjoyed waffles from this Krups Waffle Maker.
I've owned this waffle iron for several years and use it weekly, it has had a lot of use over that time period.
I don't advise using the handles they get hot.
I use slightly under 1/2 a cup of mix for each of the 4 waffles.
Use a little less mix and let the lid spread it for each waffle and it shouldn't run over.
I know they will make delicious waffles.Pro: Good price.
Makes 4 quarters at a time.Con: Can run over if over filled.
Handles get hot, use the locking tab to open.
The first one from the store quit heating up after one day.
I read the reviews and bought this one.
The waffles come out perfect by timing them.
I may make them tomorrow after writing this review.
This item is simple, appears well made and is attractive.
The waffles are very thick and it makes four at a time.
The handle gets a little warm, but it will not burn you.
This is annoying to me and I think calling it a cool-touch handle is a bit insulting to my intelligence.
Nevertheless, my kids got this for me for a very reasonable price and it does make excellent waffles.
Too much batter and it gets very messy, making it difficult to clean.
I undercook the last 2 batches and then save them in the freezer.
The kids get them out and toast them in my toaster oven for breakfast on another morning.
I usually use the Krusteaz Belgian waffle mix.
I also use a blunt wooden spoon to wedge the waffles out of the grid.
You just have to get it by experience.) It does store conveniently upright in the cabinet.
So all in all, for the price, I'm happy with it.
I have used this coffee grinder for years.
My old one started making a funny noise after 10+ years of use.
It still works, but when I saw that they were still making this grinder, I bought a new one just in case.
This thing will last forever, plus it is small and doesn't take up much counter space.
If you want a no-nonsense durable grinder, this is the best one, and you cant beat the price!.
This is a very sturdy, well-built model that grinds in seconds.
It's fairly easy to clean, but would be easier if you could take the blade off, which seems impossible.
I haven't tried it on spices yet but imagine it would be just as efficient.
We were sucked into the hype around burr grinders a few years back and tossed our old Krups grinder.
It was actually an old one of my mother's and the top was getting a little ragged, chewed up.
But this week we came back around and ordered this grinder.
I like being able to measure out the exact amount of beans and grind it to my own preference.
The burr grinder relies on presets for how fine the grind is.
You also are trusting that, when you set it to grind 10 cups' worth of beans, that's what you will get.
After a while those things start getting a little wiggy on you.But not this unit.
It grinds exactly what you put in and it grinds it coarse or fine, whatever you want.
There's very little to go wrong because there's not much going on.
I use this to grind coffee and flaxseed.
The capresso makes a better coffee grinder, mostly because the Krups is a bit on the small side.
If you want to grind spices, this is the grinder of choice.
Grinding is not just relegated to the morning caffeine jolt for this grinder.
This item has been very useful in our household when we need to grind up seeds or larger spices.
Cleaning this grinder is also very easy as we just put a little rice in there and it comes out looking like new every time.
This replaced a very similar Braun that failed when a plastic part failed.
This is really nice for grinding coffee, making bread crumbs, or chopping herbs.
We are serious cooks and take our coffee seriously.
Own two of these and the first one is at least ten years old and the newest one less than two.
Grinds whole beans according to your desired taste.
Place this grinder on a small towel or pot holder as it helps muffle the sound.
Krups is a reliable maker and I know firsthand that they stand by their products.
We had never owned a coffee grinder and when we kept getting whole bean coffee it was time to get a grinder.
Checked the major discount stores an every single one was way too expensive.
Found this one on Amazon and reasonably priced.
Used it once and it does a great job.
I am always grinding spices and this one is excellent and easy to keep clean.
You do have to use a paper filter.
Only takes me two five-second bursts.Grinding it less to make it coarser...not really effective.
Like it fine, or look to another sort of device.
We use one for coffee and the new one for spices.
We were unable to find a decent nutmeg grinder that worked as well as this one.
I recommend a stiff 3/4 inch wide artist's paint brush with a short handle for getting out the fine grindings.
( I hate wasting expensive coffee and spices.)  Follow up with a damp paper towel and it looks like new.
As for getting the right grind, I can usually tell the coarseness by the sound.
But a better way to track the number of seconds until you get the grind your looking for (Usually 3 to 10 seconds).
Our first grinder is 5 years old and still works great.
I use this to grind spices and it does an excellent job of grinding to a fine powder, as needed.
I use this to grind coffee (just time it so that you don't over-grind).
I've found that if you shake it while grinding, it'll grind more evenly.
I've used this to grind coriander as well.
We got this in December 2008 and it worked flawlessly grinding both coffee and espresso beans.
I was able to loosen them, but it just doesn't sound the same any more.
I already owned one of these units when I bought this second one.
Turn the whole thing over, dumping the contents into the cap, then pouting them into whatever vessel you want.
Clean the unit with a big new soft artist (or make-up) brush and put it away.
Over the years I've bought about a dozen grinders in this style and this one is my favorite.
It grinds quick and even.This one is for work.
For home I have a very nice burr grinder with which you can change the coarseness, select a number of cups, etc.
We bought the black one first to use for coffee.
It worked great so we bought a second one, the white one, to use for things like flax seed.
They both are working great and worth the money.
It is small and does not take up much room on your kitchen counter.
Nothing taste better than a freshly ground cup of homemade coffee.
I finally used up one of my first warehouse purchases: onion flakes.
I made onion powder for my homemade burgers in seconds.
The clear plastic cover is washable but the blade part is not so I don't know how this is dealt with.
I love this coffee grinder! I've had if for a while already and I grind everything with it, nuts, seeds, spices etc.
It is very easy to clean and the size is perfect - it can be stored anywhere.
Put the golden flax seeds in, covered the lid, pressed the button, and in less than 20 seconds, I had flax seed powder.
Worked like a charm and did what it said it would do.
I have 2 of these in my pantry.
It works great!  I made sure to get 2 different colors so I wouldn't mix them up.
Powders coffee and spices in a few seconds.
Good price for a quality brand, should last many years.
But like any of these, don't use it for really hard stuff like wheat or black pepper or it will dull the blade.
Based upon all the other outstanding and helpful reviews, I chose this grinder for fine coffee grind and for grinding flax seeds into meal.
Speedy and thorough - it does the job.
I did learn though, not to over-fill with seeds/beans because then it's tricky to remove the lid without dumping the "grind".
Not the Krup-grinder's fault...just an overly ambitious human.
If you prefer a fine grind - here's your grinder!.
I have made facials using ground oatmeal, sesame, rice, etc...A really nice product for the price.Grade: A  / Five Stars!.
Is it a wonder why this coffee grinder is rated number 1.
This coffee grinder is a great buy on Amazon.
Krups makes good products and this one is one of there best.
Love my grinder and also use it to grind flax seed or any tiny seeds in cooking.
I had a Cuisinart coffee grinder like 30 years ago that I used to use to grind fresh spices.
It's been lost lo these many years in storage somewhere, so I finally broke down and bought a replacement.
The very first time I turned it on, just to test it, I smelled hot metal.
I ground up cumin seeds, peanuts, and some dried red peppers.First the peanuts.
I coarsely ground a handful of peanuts (couple T) for garnish.
Dumped those out - no noticeable motor smell.Then some more peanuts, whirled those around for awhile, then dumped in the rest of the spices.
The rest of the spices whirled around and ground into a powder.
Since I intended to mix these, that was no bad thing.
This also went fine, although the 3rd batch of raw rice signaled the return of the hot metal smell.
Spices should only need one hit of rice to clean up afterwards.Because of concerns regarding the motor, I'm downgrading one star to 4 stars.
So watch this space!  For now this is functioning as expected and maybe even a little better than expected.
We'll see how it holds up.EDIT:  June 18, 2012 - we are 9 months in and this is holding its own.
Will update again when it hits the full year mark.
The motor smells awful when the button is held down for more than a second.
That's the only bad thing I can say about this convenient little grinder.
We already have a coffee grinder, but I wanted a second one to use for non-coffee items.
I make our baby's food and I needed something to grind the rice to powder to make rice cereal with.
I did some research and debated between getting one where the grinding chamber is removable and thus easier to clean.
So far I have only used with rice but it has worked well and makes the rice a nice powder.
Great coffee grinder, and we have Krups toaster, coffee and espresso maker.
I'm finally retiring my VERY old (~30 yrs) Krups Model 203, ONLY because I broke the lid.
I was very pleasantly surprised to discover that the EXACT same model is still available, for a Ridiculously LOW price on Amazon.
I may have to replace this grinder again when I'm 83 !!!.
KRUPS came through with a very good moderate priced coffee grinder.
I am totally satisfied all around with this product.
I'm a relatively new coffee drinker, so I never had to own one before.
But, with that said, I didn't expect this coffee grinder to be so effective, efficient, and powerful.
It seriously blends whole coffee beans to dust within 2 seconds.
I thought it might take even upwards of 10 seconds to do, but it's almost instant.
I'm not a big fan of frou-frou, of over-engineered products, adding unnecssary complications, features, and cost.
This coffee grinder, for me, represents the ideal: It works perfectly, reliably for a long time, looks great, is simple to use, and inexpensive.
I highly recommend this grinder for both coffee and spices.
It &#34;powderizes&#34; things quickly:  coffee, whole pepper, grains, nuts (of course I have two grinders, one for coffee, one for everything else!!).
It has a powerful motor to do the job efficiently.
I bought this grinder to grind my menthol  into powder for various usages.
I am sur to find more things to do with this machine in time I am happy with this purchase.
We do not use this grinder for coffee because we have a burr grinder for that.
Before the burr grinder we did use a Krups coffee grinder similar to this one and it did a good job.
We got rid of that one when we got the new coffee grinder.
A couple of pulses and it is ground quite fine.
I was worried that the flax might get warm from grinding but it does not.
I use a coffee brush to get all the flax goodness out of the cup.
While the design of this product has not changed in forever, it is not necessary to change a design which is excellent.
This is a wonderful, basic product which does what it is supposed to do very well.
I seem to come back to this grinder no matter what others I've tried.
I had a roommate with a Starbucks standing burr grinder which I found to be loud and messy as well as overpriced.
This is probably the cheapest, best grinder that there is for around the 20$ range.
It gets the job done, grinds evenly and will pulverize your beans to a fine espresso grade grind as you wish.
Easy to see through the lid to adjust your grind fineness.
Easy to wipe out and clean, yet I'll have to insert the Mr.
Coffee grinder was a bit simpler to clean.
A fine grinder indeed and still the one I'd chose to purchase.
A little over 6 months ago we read about the benefits of grinding flaxseed and eating it with cereal, and decided to try it.
it ground the flaxseeds more thoroughly (we think it is because of the oval shape), and2.
it was quieterWe like the Braun's space for winding up the cord, and the Braun seems sturdy enough, so it's not a bad unit.
This shape appears to stop the forward momentum of the flaxseeds (or whatever) so that the blades hit them with more impact.
This grinder works very well for coffee, seeds and nuts.
I grind each of the items on a weekly basis and the blades are still sharp after a year.
I already have one for coffee beans and wanted to buy a second one to use for nuts.
It grinds the beans as course or as fine as you want.
I have had the same Krups grinder for over 25 years.
It does a great job on spices also, for those of you who have trouble cleaning it.
There is a cleaning brush at chefsgadget .(It's the black one in the Amazon item list) that works great.My grinder came with the brush.
Also, to prevent flavor and savor mixing, just wash the cover in soap and water, rinse well and store inverted over your grinder.
I had one of these years ago but when my roommate moved he took it with him.
I don't use it for coffee but I do use it to grind nuts and chocolate and it works great.
I love sprinkling the mixture over brownies or a cake prior to baking instead of using frosting.
i was torn between three and four stars.
it grinds the coffee beans pretty well, but a few beans make it thru the process.
the top is extremely tight fitting and sometimes takes a firm tug to dislodge it.
that said, it's the first grinder i've ever owned and it does what it's supposed to do.
The last Krups grinder I had lasted several years before the blade came off.
This is the next model up and seems sturdy.
This works as a grinder should and I find no faults with this model.
krups always makes a great product and this is no exception.
This is my second Krups grinder (the first was very old).
It grinds coffee beans extremely well, what it is intended to do.
Due to it's small footprint it doesn't take much room and is easy to store.
The power cord is of adequate length and the grinder doesn't heat excessively or smoke even when you run it for over a minute.
I typically like my grinds fine and strong, so I let it run for at least 45 seconds which is more than sufficient.
I have used this to grind spices as well and it works very nicely for spices too.
I wet a Bounty napkin, tilt the unit, and wipe it thoroughly till it becomes sparkling clean, then I leave it to air dry.
My only gripe about this unit is that it's a little too small for my needs.
I need to do at least 4-5 rounds to fill up my coffee storage canister.
Other than that it works great and lasts forever.
This mill does what I purchased it to do, which is to freshly mill flax seeds and it handles the job perfectly.
A member of my family is allergic to corn, and most commercially sold powdered sugar is made with corn starch, so we can't use it.
But, with this grinder I can make my own powdered sugar at home by mixing sugar with potato starch in this grinder.
Nice oval shape makes it easy to grip.
Nowhere to hide or get cord out of the way but to wind it and use a twist-tie.
I of course read reviews of other products before purchasing this one.
I have had it for maybe six months and it is great.
My concern before buying was whether it would chop fine enough for espresso.
I just hold the grinder button down until it is fine enough for espresso.
How those blades chop that stuff so fine, I don't know.
I was looking for a small grinder to use with my French press at work and I lucked out when I found this on sale.
It was the cheapest grinder available through Amazon.
I was expecting great things from the truncated oval shape.
I believed, like another reviewer, that the irregular chamber would promote a more even grind by driving the beans inward.
I still have to shake as I grind.It's definitely the most powerful blade grinder I've ever used.
This ginder's forte was grinding things to dust, and that's usually the fineness I want from spices.
The only downside (and this is true of MANY grinders) is the plastic lid.
Likewise, it could never be recommissioned as a coffee grinder because my coffee would then taste likes spices.
Beans that are turned into "powder" don't brew very well.
They clump up and foul the filter.Pulse the motor until you have the correct consistency.
You learn by trial and error...I prefer to brew right after grinding.
Sitting overnight on a timer for morning, looses some of the flavor...I looked at other types of grinders but most very expensive.
I never buy anything without checking Amazon first.
Nine times out of 10, Amazon has the best deal.
This is our first one and honestly, it's terrific.
Put the beans in, press the gizmo, and badabing badaboom, ground coffee.
Highly recommend this product.7/09After using the grinder problem-free for a couple of years, we began to have problems with it.
The beans kept getting stuck under the blades and couldn't grind.
We liked it so much though that we bought a second one to replace it and AGAIN the same problem after about 1 year.
When it's working it's exactly what we want in terms of size, efficiency and power.
It's especially great for just grinding enough for the day.
Cleanup is fantastically easy as compared to the bigger, more expensive grinder we have.
Maybe it was working too hard, although it didn't seem to be the motor that was the issue.
Anyway, it's working now and I really love it.
Ive had this for about two years now.
We rarely grind coffee beans as my wife only drinks coffee on the weekends now.
She usually uses ground coffee in her coffee press or coffee maker.
So we usually use it to grind spices.
It does this wonderfully along with the coffee beans.
This is the best grinder for fine grinding of spices.
They have excellent customer service if there is a problem.
The only problem is that you can not wash the grinding part.
I use a tablespoonful of salt; and, then get a air duster to blow off the rest of the debris.
Cleans easily; no worry about cross-contamination means I only need one grinder for coffee and spices.
That means I save money on a second and possibly third grinder.
Does a very good job grinding flax seeds and chia seeds to make high fiber &#34;pudding&#34;.
Grinds beans to a size comparable to a can of Folgers grounds, but finer.
The grounds are a lot more uniform than other grinders I have purchased for a similar price.
I also recommend buying a small brush to help get the grounds out of the grinder.
My only complaint is that every time I use this grinder, there is a faint &#34;electric motor&#34; smell to it.
But don't worry, mine hasn't caught fire or anything, just gives off a short-lived odor.
I bought this to grind beans for cold-brewed coffee.
I've been using it about a month to grind whole beans to medium.
It works great, I've noticed no odd smells that others have complained about.
It is easy to clean up, makes this task a breeze.
I enjoy the fresh brewed taste every day.
If you don't mind noise then it is 5 star all the way.
All grinders are loud but this one is the loudest.
No big deal but it looses a star for that.
I had one of these a long time ago, and it was very annoying because of the static that occurred while grinding the coffee.
Every time I would open the lid, the grounds would stick to it or spray everywhere.
How they solved the problem I don't know (maybe a different type of plastic?), but this one is much better.
Didn't realize how worn out my old one was until I got this one.
Great price too.Now, I just need a new coffee maker.
My grinder broke and I needed one quickly so I bought a Kitchen Aid grinder at my local Target.
Not much to say! Grinds coffee fast and uniform (for the most part).
If you have a french press, probably go with another model, as you can't get a uniform course ground.
This grinder is simple, practical, sleek and powerful.
Easy to clean and stores away with ease.
I now have 3 for grinding all my herbs and flaxseed.
I prefer to grind my own seed to make my flaxseed meal and this grinds super fast.
The only thing, the last 2 that I have purchased the cord is shorter; I wish they would stop shortening the cord.
But other than that, it&#8217;s a great product.
That is why I gave it 4 stars.
I bought this unit mainly for grinding dry spices.
I'm not sure why this grinder works so much better than similar items but it does.
Maybe the shape of the blades, shape of the cup, RPM; whatever it is, this grinder is fast and uniformly grinds coffee beans.
This is my third attempt to find an inexpensive grinder worth a darn.
I don't know why this grinder is so much better, I'm just glad that it is.
Grinders look the same, but this was much better than the other two I tried.
It makes a great grind for any type of brewing method, and for a spinning grinder it is actually a somewhat uniform grind usually.
I used this every morning to grind coffee beans.
Lets just say, if you own a vaporizer.
The only flaw is the cord might be a bit short.
We have a 12 year old Krups grinder that is still working well and wanted another one for our camper.
We were delighted to find the same model.
The current version has a shorter cord (I like that) and my husband thinks the blades are better.
But that could be because our old baby has been working hard for a long time.
The old one will travel with us in  the camper and we are thrilled with the new one for our kitchen.
Love that it now comes in black, too!  Super product for a great price.
This little grinder works really well for the price.
In most normal kitchens this may not be a problem, but since I live in a teeny, tiny manhattan apartment, cord length matters.
It's small, easy to use, and easy to clean.
It will be a nice edition to your kitchen.
I don't use it that often, but it appears to be well made and should last for years.
I like this grinder so much that I have purchased another as a backup in the event this one actually dies.
Not much to say about a coffee grinder other than it works fine and lasts a long time.I use mine every day.
I got it when I given my Krups coffee maker.
No muss no fuss.Its even relatively quiet for a grinder.
It makes a nice noise but in the next room it's not objectionable.
My old one would wake the neighborhood.Highly recommended product.
I really do like this product and am satisfied with it.
But like another person stated, it doesn't come with a brush to clean it up.
The only removable part is the lid/cover so a brush would have been very useful for clean ups.
Purchased this to use to grind flax seed.
Nice to have the freshly ground flax daily.
I've had it for a few weeks now and it works great!.
I like this product for many reasons - small, sleek looking, light, strong.
The material feels fantastic holding in hands, definitely in good quality.
It is also very safe to use among small kitchen appliances, as you would have to have the lid fully closed to operate the blade.
The instruction suggests to wipe it clean with dampen cloth.
But it does not chop the herbs as fine as a food processor.
Maybe for bigger batch of herb, it will be more useful.
But for the fresh herbs for two-people dinner, I actually have to use a bigger food processor.Overall, it is a nice piece.
I like the look and feel of it, and the price is reasonable even I only use it for grinding coffee beans.
If you want to grind herbs though, you might want to look for another product.
This is the second of these grinders I have purchased from Amazon.
Everything! The only qualm I have with it is that it's so hard to clean.
I have cut myself a few times on the blades trying to clean it.
But I love it anyway, it's just so useful for my kitchen!.
Small, simple, works fast, and grinds without heating up the beans like burr grinders do.
You just need to experiment with how long to grind for your purposes.
For French press,  I use 3 short bursts, then shake the grinder and do another short burst (twice) for course grind.
I have used this to grind coffee beans, chia seeds, flax seed, and oats.
It works quickly with no jamming or anything.
I use a clean brush to clean it out.
I tried using a manual grinder for coffee.
Unless you want to sit and mindless grind for 20 minutes to get enough for a single cup of coffee, go electric.
I do about 2 scoops for 15 seconds (10 seconds on, 5 pulses) to get a nice grind for my Aeropress.
A more funnel-like design at the tip would be appreciated in the next iteration of this product.
Quick, strong, and small, this grinder is perfect for grinding out my everyday espresso shot.
I've burned through about 7 coffee makers in that time, but this grinder still works great.
Love the grinder; a few taps after grinding to get the grounds to settle before pulling off the top so you don't lose grounds.
I've noticed a little mechanical burning smell when grinding non stop.
Update:  Used this to grind peppercorns yesterday for Kung Pau chicken.
Very happy with results.Very happy with this product.
It's small and cute, easy to clean, quiet, grinds well.
I haven't tried spices yet as it's winter and I don't have anything growing at the moment but looking forward to trying them.
Great price as well.Update:  1/19/2013I have ground several spices in this now and it works great each time.
I also love that it is so quiet.
I have used this a couple times as I spice grinder, and I love it.
I only use it in short bursts, so I cannot comment on it overheating, etc.
I thought it was a good use of money.
A grinder that can be used for beans as well as for spices.
I use it for both.The grind is coarse because you do not have a choice.
I've ground coffee of varying degrees of coarseness and I've also ground whole grain brown sugar into confectionary sugar.
I don't use this for coffee since I have a nice burr grinder already, but for grinding spice blends, this has been a good choice.
I use it for coffee daily and it makes the perfect grind every time.
It works great to grind my morning coffee.
So far not way to screw this one up and I haven't.
I purchased a different grinder for our 2nd home but it dropped and broke.
Almost glad since it did leak out grinds from the cover while grinding (Braun).
I have this one in our home, and very quickly purchased it again to replace the broken one.
We've never had one before, but this brand received good reviews from other users.
We've been using this for a few months now, and it works very nicely.
We would recommend buying a small (1/2&#34; size) paint brush or equivalent, and use it dry to brush out any residue.
Static electricity causes a little powder to stick inside which could oxidize and possibly affect the wonderful taste of your freshly ground coffee beans.
You'll need to scrape the sides down, but in no time you'll have almond butter.To clean, grind some uncooked rice.
the older model that went belly up recently tended to make a lot of powder, but this one makes a more consistent grind.
I've only had this grinder for three weeks, but it sure seems like a winner so far.
And I really like that it is compact.
Maybe too small for grinding beans for your high volume drip machine, but it sure works great for any variety of small machine.
It is easy to judge the grind by the sound.
We have a big expensive grinder, but it takes up too much counter space and is a pain to set up, clean, and put away.
I use it to fine grind dry spices.
I usually only need less that a tablespoon or even less than a teaspoon, so the blender is useless.
I don't drink coffee, but I needed a grinder for flax seeds.
Since I can't get the best of both worlds, I think this item is wonderful!.
I bought this to grind spices instead of coffee and it works great.
Have stick cinnamon I purchased in Mexico and this grinder did an excellent job in grinding it.
I have tried other ways of grinding cinnamon but this Krups 203 has done the best job.
Have had several grinders of other brands and this is by far the best one at the best price yet.
So glad I made the choice to buy this one, due to the many positive feedback entries on this website!.
great product....it gets the job done......highly recommended.....smooth working little machine that will do the job right each grind.
WHAT AN OUTSTANDING PRODUCT TO OWN AND HAVE IN YOUR KITCHEN.
IT TRULY GIVES YOUR ITEM THAT FINE POWDER CRUSH OR CONSISTENCY YOU DESIRE.
P E R F E C T FIND.
This is really nice, works well and looks good.
I only wish there was a way to take it apart to clean.
We bought this so we could start drinking fresher coffee (it actually does taste better IMO).
Cleaning is a bit of a hassle to get under the blade etc but not impossible.
It takes up a small footprint on the counter next to the coffee maker and looks nice.
I had to replace my 20 year old spice and coffee mill which finally gave out.
I've even used to to grind a bock of Parmesan cheese.,  It cleans easier than my old one as you can remove the bowl.
I've purchased dozens of grinders in the past.
I never ground my own coffee before, so this was a new experience.
I did the research on griders and found this one to be the best for the price.
Super easy to use and great for grinding just enough grounds for a 12 cup pot of coffee.
I've used for chopping nuts for holiday cookies and it worked great for those as well.
I just use a paper towl and wipe it out after every use.
Certain beans have more moisture in them, so I usually leave the grinder out for the morning to air out when grinding those.
We've used Krups for years and they last and last.
I don't think you can do wrong choosing this one for your morning coffee.
We had another Krups one that I dropped and needed to replace it.
I bought the same one because we had been so happy with it.
Feels solid, grinds beans to whatever particle size you want.
I was using a regular Oster blender with a small cup attachment previously to grind my beans, it worked, but was like a cement mixer.
One caveat, don't grind cloves in this thing like I did, it sandblasts the plastic lid and hard to get rid of the clove smell.
The clove smell is finally dissipating after washing after each use.
I have had this guy for 8 years and use it solely for grinding Indian spices.
Many Indian recipes call for roasting the spices in a teaspoon of oil.
Consequently, this grinder gets to grind slightly wet, oil-roasted spices too.
I just clean with a paper towel and have had no issues.
I have even quick rinsed with tap water and immediately wipe with a paper towel.
You won't find a better grinder at this price level.
Solid build quality, doesn't look cheap, and grinds perfectly.
Krups hit a home run with this one.
If you are looking for a really good Coffee Grinder - this is it!  We think Krups has the best!.
Noisy, but not as bad as some.OVERALL: Well built and a great product for the money.
I used the first one for probably 10 to 15 years.
It was getting very dull so I replaced it with another just like it.
The price is great and the product does everything that I wanted it to.
I usually grind at least one pound of coffee each week, plus often times flax seed.
I hope my second one works as long as the first.
I bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking.
I never even clean it as I only use it for these sweeteners.
I work as a chef and we use coffee grinders frequently for grinding spices.
I have used many different ones and have seen many of them die after short, abusive lives.
Professional kitchens are not kind to equipment of any kind.
And coffee/spice grinders are usually the most susceptible.However, this Krup grinder is one of the most hearty I have used.
As long as the plastic lid/cup doesn't crack (I've only seen that happen once), this thing will last forever.
It is durable, grinds spices to fine powder, and is reasonably easy to clean.
I use this to make powered sugar and to power other things like flax seeds, chia seeds, etc.
This Krups grinder does an amazingly good job and is an outstanding buy for the price.
I grind whole coffee beans for espresso and get the perfect grind after a few seconds.
There's no adjustments for how fine or coarse you want the grinds, but over time you'll figure out what works for you.
I've had mine for nearly three years, use it nearly everyday, and it still works perfectly.
Unless you're looking for a professional grade grinder, this one serves its purpose exceedingly well.
So I hate to admit it, btu I usually end up pulling out a K Cup or two in the morning.
When I want coffee throughout the entire morning I use my french press and grind the beans in this lovely device.
I would just suggest getting a little brush to get the grinds all out to keep it clean.
I don't think you are supposed to run it under water.
I only use this for grinding coffee beans, which it does well.
I would prefer the cup to be a bit larger, but it's okay.
Of course, you can't submerge the part with the blades, but that's true with any grinder.
It doesn't get any nicer than this! Super easy to use and the grinder is quick and effective.
you can only grind about 2 8 ounce cups worth at one time.
Anything more to what has been said? it's solid, it works.
I guess it could be quieter and it could be easier to scrape coffee off the bottom.
but I don't think a single coffee grinder out there does this.
Used it for a few weeks now and it works just fine.
Coffee is well ground in no time and unit cleans easy.
We've been using this Krups Coffee Grinder for over 10 years, without problem, and now bought another to give as a gift.
I purchased this grinder as a travel accessory, and it will do me quite well.
I was quite impressed with the quality that went into this grinder at an extremely inexpensive price.
It does what I need it to do quickly and effortlessly with very little cleanup.
There are no variable settings for courser or finer grounds, so this unit ends up providing somewhat of a happy medium.
On the road, this grinder is one of my essential carry-alongs that I simply cannot do without.
I purchased this grinder as a replacement for a Salton model.
I liked the Salton model because it had an adjustable dial from coarse to fine.
This allows more flexibility, if you use different coffee machines.
For those of you who use a French press, you will have to carefully grind the beans to keep them coarse.
This means go very slow with the on button.
If you use a drip maker, this is not a concern.Otherwise, this grinder is excellent.
I was able to have extremely fine grinds, which tasted great in my drip coffee maker.
I am looking forward to many years of service, and great tasting coffee.
I am still using my first Krups coffee grinder that I bought in 1984.
I wouldn't think of trying any other brand.
I dont have any teeth hahahaa and I love nuts so this is handy as can be.
No complaints, it does the job, is nice looking, and easy to clean out.
We use it with a french press and it works great.
What bad customer service! This however is awesome.
I purchased this to grind my flax in the morning, to add to my oatmeal.
I have a small brush to clean the bowl.
I have used 1/4 cup of flax seeds and spices without any problem.
This is designed for perfect grinding of almost anything in the kitchen.
You won't be disappointed with this Krups quality!.
Given as a gift, the recipient is thrilled with it, says it works like a charm, they use it every morning.
I've never had a problem getting a coarse grind with this grinder.
Just "pulse" it instead of letting it grind away.
Check the grind between pulses until you have the grind you want.
If you find you are getting powdery residue, just grind less coffee beans at a time.
I've been using it for years with no problems - Happy Grinding!.
I got this as a Christmas gift for my son in law.
I dont know if he has used it yet but I havent heard any complaints.
It has done a terrific job so far.
If you are a "coffee master" who wants the perfect coffee, this is not for you.
It is hard to make the exact grind with this machine.
But for me, it gets the job done.
It can also be used to grind dry spices.
I love it, and would recommend it to anyone.
I like my coffee ground to fine powder, and this does the trick.
10 seconds in this thing, and I'm good to go in either my espresso machine or my drip coffee maker.
The fine grind allows me to use less coffee in the drip machine and still get really strong coffee.
ive had several of these grinders over the years they all work perfectly.
The lid doesn't fall off, like the Hamilton Beach I had before this one.
I love this coffee grinder! I use it all the time while cooking to quickly grind some fresh spices to add to my recipes.
The only reason why I give it 4 stars is because the inside of the cover got too scratched just from 1 or 2 uses.
I bought it from the flea market for 4 bucks brand new...so for me it's a bargain.
I bought this coffee grinder to replace my old one which finally died after many years of use.
This model grinds cofee beans acceptably and to the fineness that I desired.
As with all grinders of this type, it is noisy during use, but I expected that.
I like this style of grinder because it is compact and stores in a cupboard without taking up much room.
The only design flaw that I don't like is that it has no device to store the electric cord when not in use.
The cord must be manually tied (to itself or with a twist-tie) or be allowed to flop around freely in the cupoard during storage.
Unfortunately, I could not find a reasonably priced grinder with cord storage when was was looking for a new grinder.
I purchased this coffee grinder for the purpose of grinding whole flax seeds.
I bought it go grind my spices and it works like a charm every time.
This saves me so much time from hand grinding.
my arms hurt less and it saves me a ton of time.
This was bought to grind spices and worked great -- even on teh cinnamon sticks!.
I grind my spices for all of my recipes (a great cooking secret, by the way--you get more nutrients and flavors out of every spice).
I recently bought whole-bean coffee for the first time, but did not own a grinder.
Based on the reviews, I decided on this product and I was not let down! This grinder is awesome.
Within seconds, the whole beans are transformed into a fine grind! I love the small size and easy clean-up as well!.
This coffee grinder does exactly what it's promised to do: grinds perfectly, quickly and easily.
And the deeper bowl makes it much neater to use too.
I don't like too fine of a grind since I am using a Yama vacuum coffee siphon.
So to make a less fine grind, merely grind it for about 10 to 20 seconds less than you would normally do.
You can hear the sound as you grind getting less and less 'grinding' and just the motor and blades spinning.
You want to stop it when you look down and see some nice coarse grounds but you can still hear the grinding sound.
but it works.Otherwise, it does very well for a fine grind (useful for those who have metal filters or use cloth filters).
Day old coffee you lose some of the more powerful and fresh aromatics, but the inherent nature of the coffee is preserved.
Two days you lose a tad bit of the acidity, a little more aromatics, and some of the body.
After one week the actual flavor has changed and it gets a somewhat stale taste.
The inherent flavors, aromas, and texture are all in the core of the bean.
The actual roast and surface oils are all you risk changing/losing from un-ground beans.
Store unground beans in a sealed, preferably vacuum sealed, container or zip loc bag.
I checked the little button where the lid pushes down and it was fine.
Moved okay, was not depressed when the lid was off.
So I took the bottom off and loosened the screws on the small circuit board under the plastic piece that forms the little button.
Apparently the piece was just pushing tightly on the little see-saw lever used to hit the board and activate the motor.
So two turns later it wasn't running 100% of the time while plugged in.
I had put the beans in before plugging it in, hadn't put the lid on yet either.
So I got a coffee bean explosion!  And I had to chase my dog out of the kitchen because he apparently likes Stumptown Guatemalan.
Simple, quick, and easy!  Does a dependably excellent job of grinding my coffee beans.
The price is nice and the quality is great.
This one is a great match and it does a great job.
We purchased this at the same time as a new coffee maker for serving guests of an annual retreat we host in our home.
It's been a great addition and I love being able to serve everyone coffee from freshly ground beans.
I wanted to purchase a Kitchen Aid grinder to match my other appliances but went this the Krups instead due to the great reviews.
works like a charm on my herbs!  i've had problems in the past pulverizing them and this works really well.
I have a burr grinder for my coffee and it's quite a chore to clean...many pieces to remove and dig around at with a brush.
I bought this item on November 12, 2009 and it is still going strong.
I have used it almost daily since I purchased it.
I have mostly used it for coffee beans, but have ground up a few other things, like dried goji berries and similar berries/nuts.
It works better than any other grinder I've owned.
While I recently stopped drinking coffee, I will be using this to grind wheat berries into flour.
It's small, so it doesn't take up a lot of space and it works very well.
I've never had any issues, but if it ever stops working, I will buy the same grinder again.
I use it to grind flax seeds before putting them into smoothies and other things, and to grind fresh herbs.
Easy to wipe clean in between uses so there's no flavor contamination.
Does everything I want it to, it's easy to use, and the price isn't too bad.
Simple operation, simple cleanup, great coffee (assuming the beans are fresh).
can grind enough coffee for a full pot at one time.
I grind my coffee till it is powder, rinse the bleach out of the paper filter.
I try to limit myself to one or maybe 2 cups per day.
If I have any left after 1 hr I let it cool and make iced coffee.
Will keep fresh in the fridge for a couple more hrs in case someone stops by later.
Mostly I use this for espresso with a fine ground (~20 seconds), and it does this perfectly.
I also grind for Keurig cups (~10 seconds), and those come out great too.
I have never tried anything else, but I do not think it would be a problem.
The little plastic cap that you push down to initiate the grindin popped off once.
I just slipped it back on and have not had an issue since.
I use this daily for grinding flax seed.
It works perfectly in just a few seconds.
This device will grind things up to a powder if you're inattentive.
However unlike most other impulse buys I have made, this one is a keeper.
This wee grinder is sturdy in construction, easy to use, easy to store, and grinds enough coffee beans for an 8-10 cup drip coffeemaker.
I found holding the button down continuously makes a coarser ground (more suitable for filterless French presses), while pulsing the button makes a finer one.
Then measure the amount of water and coffee needed for your coffeemaker.
I like a slightly rounded tablespoon per cup of water, though you may want more or less to your taste.
Now start brewing and be prepared for a flavorful and fragrant indulgence.
No more ground coffee hulls, no more acidic Robusta bean flavor, just a smooth 100% Arabica cup of coffee and a simple pleasure!.
We've had this grinder now for about 7 years and have found it to be an invaluable accessory in our home.
You don't notice this as much with the espresso machines, but still, it is aggravating at 7:00 a.m.
I recommend using a brush to get under the blades because nothing else we've tried works.
It's a good buy though so don't be afraid to try this one.
replacing the old krups that was still working just beat up and cord was pretty mangled.
it will live on chopping up stuff for scenery on my model rr.
new one works just like the old one and feels just as sturdy.
The recipient reports this works quite well, producing a very consistent grind for his morning bean needs.
Way cheaper than some alternatives, so I'd get it again.
I have not complaints it does the job perfectly and I have had no problems with it.
It's not loud and the coffee taste great.
This is a handy gadget for the kitchen.
It does a nice job of quickly grinding coffee or spices, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is easy to clean.
this coffee grinder is both efficient and economical for those of you who, like me, enjoy your coffee.
some us enjoy the simple things in life like fresh, gourmet, food.
He chops famous coffee shop beans and puts them in reusable pod to brew.
I have since heard that a burr grinder is better, but he won't budge on this one, he says it does it's job.
I use one for coffee and one for grinding seeds, nuts, spices, etc.
It has no trouble pulsing dried split peas into flour, or turning nuts into meal.
I have one for coffee beans, and I bought another one for spices.
I bought this so I could start buying whole beans to grind as needed each morning for coffee.
It works great, and is very compact so it does not take up a lot of counter space.
I use this to grind all kinds of herbs and spices.
Bought this to make fresh ground coffee with my new Keurig and I was pleasantly surprised.
The device is compact and powerful but more importantly does what it needs to do.
I've had two of these grinders (one for coffee, one for spices) for many years.
They work consistently and do an excellent job grinding foods of all different sizes.
They're easy to clean (just use a basting brush to sweep the powder out from under the blade.
They've lasted so long that I don't know when I'll need another grinder, but I would definitely purchase another one of these if needed.
It does a great job at grinding the coffee beans in about 5 seconds and it's so easy to clean with a small grinder brush.
What more can one say about a coffee grinder, than it does what it is designed to do.
I particularly like to fact that the top is large and allows one to see what is happening inside.
This product is easy to use and does a grat job grinding coffee beans.
I use this every day and it grinds the coffee perfectly.
sometimes from moisture it will stick inside the container but it always comes out.
My sister-in-law works at a coffee shop and bought me a pound of really good whole bean coffee for Christmas.
I did not have a grinder, knew nothing about grinding coffee, and wanted to drink it.
I bought this grinder because it was cheap and had good reviews, and I have not been disappointed.
I do not know what else you want it to do.
I've had this for about six months and I use it regularly to grind flax seeds (to put in yogurt).
It does a great job grinding - it produces a very fine powder that mixes perfectly for me.
I then I stopped and started using this thing again with regular flax seeds.
I was  really surprised to find that this unit ground the flax seeds into a much, much finer powder than the stuff that comes pre-ground.
I maintain my recommendation and I hope this helps you!.
It works well for creating oat flour, nut flours, rice flour, millet flour, and other flours as needed with gluten-free baking.
You can make 2 cups of oats into flour in just 8 pushes of the button (think pulsing on a food processor).
I've also used it to grind fresh spices, and it works really well to make fresh nutmeg.
I've had mine for two years and couldn't be happier with it.
We really like this grinder as a flax mill.
We use it as a companion to our Blendtec to pulverize flax to be added to our smoothies.
But I mean it's not that big of a deal for me.
It may be for you though so be aware of this.
To dial in the grind of coffee is a function of money and I can live with the end grind for $50 plus in cost.
We grind coffee that works for the espresso and it does a good job in the drip.
I don't see any difference in product with a more course grind for drip.
This coffee grinder is just perfect for my needs.
I am a soap maker and it is just right for my herbs etc.
It's very simple to use - put in bean, press for several seconds and voila.
I keep one for my coffee, and a separate one for grinding dry spices.
I cook jerk chicken all the time, and I could never get my Food Processor to grind the allspice berries to a fine powder.
I spoke with the executive chef at the hotel where I tend bar, and he said to get one of these.
I grabbed another one because I need to grind annatto seeds for a Yucatan slow roasted pork taco recipe that's been on my mind lately.
Annatto seeds are about the hardest thing you would ever put into one of these.
You have to shake the unit while you grind and pause occasionally in order to not burn out the motor.
As I'm sure most of you have learned, grind some white rice in this if you want to clean it.
If it dies within its warranty period return it.
If you want perfect coffee and are a total coffee snob, look elsewhere.
Just remember, it's going to cost you a fortune for a good burr grinder.
I switched to 'healthy coffee that I swear by.Ganocafe Classic by Gano Excel USA Inc.
- 30 PacketsI do use it for spices all the time.
I have had one grinder now for easy 15 years and its still working like day one.
I have ground a lot of coffee in it.
There is nothing like fresh ground beans if you drink coffee.
But I think for spices its great too.
My son gave this grinder to me about 10 years ago.
I don't clean it out unless I am going to grind spices.
I wipe out the bottom till it is free of coffee and the top I clean with a scrubber.
No, the top never gets perfectly free of the coffee stains but I don't care.
It grinds cinnamon sticks and cloves on a regular basis and works great.
I don't clean it after grinding spices because I like the spice taste in the coffee for a few days.
A little on the  messy side for me and loud.
If I were going to use it every day I wouldn't like it as much.
But fora back up every now and then it's doable.
After hours of reading reviews I made my decision.
I have also had a krups food processor that has worked flawless for over ten years so I felt pretty confident in the quality.
Though I will not be using this for spices, etc.
as I use a mortar and pestle, the coffee grinding is more than sufficient in terms of outcome.
Other reviews have stated that you can only get a fine grind with this unit.
Not true at all! They simply are not using it correctly.
I can grind course, medium or fine after just a little practice.
Not being fully submersible makes this one more step I wish I didnt have to take.
They should include a small brush to clean after each grind.
The company itself really stands behind their products and I beleive it is because they have very few problems to deal with.
Gives a nice even grind for use in my coffee press - if a little fine.
It is a snap to operate and easy to clean.
I recently started growing and drying my own stevia (it is very easy as the plant is so hardy).
Upon opening the lid, I was even more pleased to find that the Krups have given me an even finer grind than my KitchenAid.
Also, the Krups 203-42 seems well made as well as stylish.
Thanks Krups!  Thanks Amazon for the great price and delivery!.
I was delighted to find that this item is still on the market.
I have the exact grinder that is over 20-years old and has been used daily.
It has never missed a beat but it is starting to show signs of wear.
Hope they still make them 20-years from now.
We have used different grinders for many years.
Got this one as a replacement for a different brand.
We have used it every day for a month.
It grinds very fast, so a little caution will prevent coffee dust, as opposed to coffee grinds.
We're also glad other reviewers had mentioned a brush for cleaning.
First time we have used the brush & it is the right tool for the job.
We use the top as a measuring cup.
I only grind coffee but t works like a charm.
As a person who always tries to buy the best version of everything, I don't see any issues that I would improve.
The last one I had lasted more than ten years and that was dropped to end its service.
Powerful motor and the finer the grind the longer you do it.
Let me mention if you want to keep it clean go for the brush to clean.
Periodally I will dip a q-tip into water and clean some build up from areas the brush has trouble with.
This as others have posted is simple, well made and will last, enjoy.
I purchased this grinder after reading the reviews and am very happy I did.
It grinds allspice berries like a champ and cleanup is easy.
For the price, this product makes a fantastic all-purpose grinder.
The plastic stains very easily and is no longer transparent.
I suppose this isn't a big deal, and wouldn't be for me if it worked well.
Just hold down that button and in about 15 seconds whatever you put in there is nearly dust.
Cinnamon sticks, allspice, star anise, cardamom, you name it.
This grinder, unlike many others, has the proper blade shape.
I noticed the difference immediately.My old grinder had a 'cable winding' area that didn't actually hold the cable.
This one doesn't have a cable storage area, but I really don't care.
I've never actually seen a cable storage system that worked in the kitchen.
My old grinder had the improper blade shape, which left me with chunks of seeds, chilies and such.
And it is the same price as most others.
This baby could grind to china if you let it.
Will always make a consistant grind if not over filled.
I use it to share my custom coffee blends with the folks at work.
I buy bulk beans from all over the world to create the perfect cup.
I was using a different brand to grind up oatmeal for my cp oatmeal soaps, and it wasn't getting it fine enough.
The oatmeal is finely ground up and it's all uniform in size.
When my old coffee grinder bit the dust I purchased this sweetheart.
It is compact and I like the oval shape because it makes it easy to pour the coffee into my Keuring filter.
It snuggles right up to the Keurig and the black color makes them a perfect pair.
Also, it grinds to perfection in a jiffy.
Others were cheaper, but they did not offer the quality of a Krups.
My first Krups grinder is still working, and I bought it in 1997.
I am very happy with this purchase!  I wanted one that would do coarse or fine grind.
However we had our kitchen remodeled last year and after the remodel the grinder had been stolen.
I haven't replaced it yet hoping the person who took it might feel guilty and will return it.
This is a great grinder but it makes a lot of noise.
It grinds so well that I sometimes use it to grind spices.
Just don't try to use it early in the morning when everyone else is sleeping, at least not if you want them to stay asleep.
We got this to enjoy ground coffee at home and we love it.
with ease and is way more quiet than I expected.
love this grinder and it works great for all different types of what nots you may want to grind up.
If you're in the market for a grinder don't look any further.
Quick and easy review:PROS:-It is small and portable-Clean and professional look-It grinds and it grinds well.
So far no issues.-Easy operation (simply press down the lid button-No batteries to worry about-CheapCONS:-It does not make me breakfast in the morning.
This works smoothly, unlike our older model that is undergoing bearing failure and is being retired to a sedate life of herb and seed grinding.
We bought this to replace our Kitchenaid grinder that we had for years.
This is really ideal for those who grind daily.
My husband would rather grind his coffee just once a week instead.
But it is not too loud and very effective!.
I used to have one of these and it died.
So I tried several others that left pieces of coffee beans unground.
The Krups works best of all the ones I've tried.
I couldn't find it and that's why I started looking for other grinders.
I bought two so I wouldn't be without it for awhile.
not entirely sure if the lower half is water proof.
You will get some fine powder and some small chunks but in general an even grind.
To do any better you need a burr grinder which is way more expensive.
It is easy to use and easy to clean.
You can't beat the value you are getting.
no more pregrinded supermarket coffee for me, the fresh grinding makes all the difference in the taste, and for such a small price.
Works well, I use it for coffee exclusively, can't imaging using it for spice, then coffee, then spice again.
It's not too hard to clean, I just use wet paper towels to wipe it down.
Had it now for several month, still going strong.
This grinder gets the job done quickly, which I like.
I wish it had a few more settings - like coarse vs fine grind, instead of having to rely on your own intuition.
Also, it doesn't hold too much coffee so you'd have to do a few rounds of grinding if you were making a big batch.
This works well for me as a 1-2 person coffee drinking household where we only really have 1-2 cups a day.
I think this grinder works great not just for coffee beans but whole herbs or spices that need to be made into a fine powder.
I'm buying from myspicesage.com and grinding/blending at home.
We make our own Italian Seasoning, adobo, ras al hanout, curry powder and more.
It's fun, cheaper and better tasting (because we can emphasize the flavors we favor -- poetic, isn't it?)The turning point was chili powder.
They are all blends and made from unknown types of peppers.
We started buying New Mexico chilis whole and grinding them.
We also bought glass jars with tight fitting lids, lined our spinner with rubber mats and declared ourselves master mixers.
It grinds quickly so it doesn't &#34;cook&#34; the ingredients and is easy to clean.Highly recommended.
I just received this and haven't used it to grind coffee yet, but I will as soon as I buy coffee again.
I use it to grind my flax seeds for smoothies and it works perfectly.
It grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds.
I also plan on using it to grind up herbs and spices.
My husband likes freshly ground coffee every morning...at 5:00 when I'm still asleep.
I hated his last one because I could hear it thru a closed door...upstairs.
The Krups is very quiet and does a quick job.
I use this to powder sugar, make mustard powder and any herbs i may want to chop up.
Just brush out as much powder as you can while it is dry then wipe with a slightly damp cloth.
I never have a transference of flavors or a staying of odor..not sure why others have.
I use one for coffee and another for seeds (e.,g, flax seeds, chia seeds, etc.).
You could also use this for whole spices.
I bought this for my daughter mainly for her coffee beans.
I read reviews on nearly every coffee grinder,and when I saw the reviews on this one,they were the best.I bought it for her birthday.
She LOVES it and uses it for more then just coffee beans.
She uses it for her spices and nuts etc.
Got this coffee grinder as a gift for my sister.
We have been using one for years to get our favorite fresh ground coffee and now sis is enjoying the same.
To go with a new coffee maker for my wife, I decided that this would be a wonderful accent.
Now she can make her own blends, and grind what she wants, when she wants it, having the freshest coffee around at home.
So far the product works perfectly and I could not be more pleased.Shipped on time and in excellent condition.
This is my second iteration of this device.
They're pretty clear that this is a Goonie device, one that shouldn't see water.
For smaller quantities you might want to go manual with a mortar and pestle.It's odd that the manual doesn't say more about spices.
Happily, you don't need a manual because the rocket surgery involved in grinding the stuff is pretty minimal.
Toast spices or not as desired, insert into device, push button and watch through the top until it's ground to your satisfaction.
Is it old and skanky?  If it's fresh, do you find yourself wishing it were hotter/milder/more complex/sweeter/smokier/whatever?  If you said yes, you need this product.
Made me a cup of Kenya AA & tastes great smells great as usual.
Great price & super fast shipping made this a worthwhile purchase.
This has been in my home for 2 years, used every day exclusively for coffee.
If you looking for a small food processor this is your answer.
I had the old version and had to replace it since it went bad after a long time.
I don't use of the coffee like most others, I use it for pur&eacute;eing fruits and vegetables and such.
The KRUPS 203-42 Electric Coffee Grinder is hard to beat for the money.
It's very fast, super easy to use, does a great job of grinding, and cleans in seconds.
Very glad I bought one of these from Amazon.
I use this for my coffee and it certainly does the job.
My only problem is that I can't seem to get it out of the grinder without getting coffee grinds and making a mess everywhere.
It was cheap and so far(ive had it about a month) it's been working well.
I use it almost every day because fresh ground coffee beans are soooo much better.
We've had this for just about 3 years now and it works just as well as it did when we first bought it.
To clean I just wipe out with a brush and follow through with a paper towel to get any leftover coffee dust.
I've even used it to make small batches of oat flour out of oatmeal for baking.
Small enough to tuck away in a cupboard or leave out, works great!.
I use this appliance to grind oily grains and seeds that I can't put through my wheat grinder.
It has worked great with everything I have tried.
It does start to smell funny if you use it for more than a couple of minutes though.
I like that it is easy to clean and store.
We purchased this as a spice grinder and are very happy.
The Krups came with high reviews in many cooking mags.
I was skeptical when I saw the low price, but everything written is true.
I bought this so I could grind up flax seeds for the full nutrition benefit.
I was worried that all the seeds wouldn't get grinded but I was absolutely wrong.
Operation was quick and easy, and clean up was a breeze.
This is perfect for anyone looking for an effective, yet inexpensive grinder for nuts, seeds, and coffee beans.
In the 80s when I bought my first Krups cappuccino machine, I bought this grinder.
I've had the same one ever since - not kidding! It still grinds great, never had to resharpen the blades.
I bought another one for our vacation house recently - and it works just as well as the original.
Don't know why you'd buy any other grinder.
Not sure about the long run functionality of it.
It looks better made than Proctor Silex, Hamilton Beach products.
One of the best grinders on the market.
I will use it to grind my flax, chia and hemp seeds.
I use the first one to grind my almonds everyday.
I needed something to grind flaxseed and this works like a charm - super fast, too.
I also use it for oats & coffee sometimes.
Krups is one of the top names in coffee making and this grinder lives up to the brand's reputation.
It also works well on herbs and spices.
Nice little grinder that does a good job and holds enough to make six cups.
And a plus, is designed to allow you to pour the ground coffee easily into the brewer.
It was exactly what I was looking for.
I have one counter in my kitchen that is dedicated to coffee.
This is the 4th grinder on the counter believe it or not.
It is the smallest and simplest but it just works.
This is my second grinder in the past ten years.
I left the previous one to my daughter when I moved in a new house.
This is the same good as the previous one.
It is not my first Krups coffee grinder, and it is as good as the previous ones :)  Looks good, works well.
I know there are more expensive grinders and I know that there are different types of grinders.
This one has been a perfect little performer for the last 30 years for me.
They are very simply designed and easy to clean.
You cannot possibly go wrong getting this product.Krups makes a very fine product.
Works great! Have used it daily for about a month.
I grind enough beans for about 5-6 cups and it works very well.
If you don't need to grind a ton of beans, this would work great.
Its a great novelty but who really wants to grind coffee.
This is your call, its now in my cupboard and will stay there with other things like my nut grinder.
I got into grinding my own beans through my old roommate.
He was a barista and a big time coffee lover.
He brewed using a cheap 5 cup Mr.
Coffee and an ancient grinder (literally over a decade old).
He always attributed it to one variable; freshly ground beans.
It doesnt go bad, but loses all its flavors.
He also showed me how much cheaper whole beans are.
So with this, I decided to buy my own grinder for when I moved out.
Relatively cheap, solid brand, perfect size, and ease of use.Couldnt be more happy.
There are no variable speeds or grind settings as on more expensive models.
If you want a finer grind,  you simply leave it on longer.
Im guessing this unit will last a very long time.It is also good looking.
Spices, nuts, it will all be no problem for the power of this little grinder.Would recommend to anybody looking for a great coffee grinder.
We use this for coffee, flaxseed and pepper all the time, with an occasional other spice.
It is quick and grinds to as fine of a powder you would like.
I have another brand that work well just started using it for spices.
I have a k cup machine but like Starbucks expresso & this made the beans a nice fine ground.
I will update this if necessary, but I love this.
It's a cute little thing, very high speed.
I used it thus far for flax seed and it worked great.
Wet paper towel, and just a quick wipe on the surface and it's done within 30seconds.
Sometimes I feel lazy and I just run water over the top grinder and wipe it dry with a towel.
Saves around 15 second, not sure how it'll affect the grinder lifespan, but it still works after 2 weeks.
Pros:It will grind coarse to fine dependent on the time you spend holding down the ON button.It grinds quickly with a strong motor.
my old 1980s bought model still works well.
AC motors are far better than DC battery models: strong, powerful and reliable.
You'll need to clean out grounds with a spatula or brush, just like the older model.
The bowl is not a tightest fit like the older model.
Overtime, my older grinder lid edges chipped away.
Recently, a crack appeared on the top, but not bad enough to leak grinds.
It would be best if the lid were made of metal.
Add a small glass window to see the grind, and the grinder could last forever.
At last! A grinder that can grind flax seeds.
I've tried several others, none of which worked.
I also read numerous reviews stating that this, that, or the other grinder won't do flax seeds.
I bought it specifically for flax seeds, but it works for other spices as well.
I've used it for fennel seeds, pepper corns, and dried leafy spices that I wanted finer (like oregano and basil).
But I don't need it for those other spices.
It's so simple to use: just put in a tablespoon or two of flax seed, put the cap on, press the start switch.
Voila! In just a few seconds, everything is ground to perfection.
And if you flip the whole thing upside down, all the ground spice goes into the cap cup for easy removal.
Won't do that again.I've had this grinder five months now and have had absolutely no issues with it.
It's a great product that seems very well constructed.
Quite frankly, I don't think you need another spice grinder if you have this Krups grinder.
I didn't use it with coffee beans, but a lot of the other reviewers mention the grinding of coffee beans.
Another great thing about this grinder: it's only a few dollars more than the manual grinders.Regarding cleaning.
You must be careful when cleaning this grinder because the blade is not removable and gets in the way.
All the spice dust sticks to the damp cloth.
I may have to do this 2 or 3 times, but it goes so quickly, I have no complaints about cleaning this spice grinder.
Had one before but gave it to my daughter when husband brought home a hand grinder from Europe.
This Krupa works so quickly, the antique one is  relegated to being on display.
I bought mine just for coffee, but it can also be used for spices.
It is very simple, powerful, and extremely easy to use.
It has only one button and grinds evenly for coarse or thin.
This is perfect for a delicious cup of fresh-grinded coffee/expresso.
It works well, but as all grinders, it is loud.
The shipping was incredible - I ordered on Wendnesday and it was at my home on Friday morning.
The service is terrific and I recommend this grinder.
i have one and used it until it burned out, then bought two more: one for coffee and one for spices.
we use these all the time and they hold up nicely while doing a top notch job.
Enough to brew a couple of cups/fill a kcup mold).
This little grinder has been a wonderful addition to my kitchen.
This is great for grinding quick batches of coffee beans.
If you make coffee for 1-2 people a day this is the grinder.
If you regularly make coffee for 3+ a day get a bigger one.
I bought this and the comparable Hamilton model because they both had good reviews.
I have to say I dont use this for coffee.
The hamilton barely even touched the the pills but the Krups was GREAT.
It turned it in to a fine powder.
I bought this in 2009 and its still going strong.
It grinds the coffee beans very quickly and fine.
Probably one of the better grinders on the market.
I found the whole process a bit messy though.
It is probably very cost effective to use a coffee grinder.
For me, I'm not sure the ends justifies the means here.
The grinder plugs in and is the size of a thermos.
I just wish that it would do espresso.
This grinder is great for regular coffee, and the price is right.
I use this as a spice grinder, not a coffee grinder.
It does a good job on everything from cinnamon to dried chiles to cloves and peppercorns.
Freshly toasted and ground spices really taste so much better than the bland, pre-ground stuff.
Just be sure to shake the grinder as you go, give it plenty of time and don't add anything wet.
It's a bargain compared to a dedicated spice grinder and works just as well for dry stuff.
This makes an excellent spice grinder and that's nothing to sneeze at.
I was so surprised when I got my new Krups spice grinder out of the box because it was raring to go.
And, I have also even used this to grind rice for making rice powder for Thai dishes.
Everything is ground to an absolutely fine powdery consistency.
As a huge spice user I can attest to the fact that the Krups spice grinder offers an even better grind than most store-bought spices.
I just take a damp sponge or a Mr.
Clean towelette and clean out any of the residual spices left in the unit.
In between each grind, so that the flavors do not transfer, I grind some rice.
this being my first coffee grinder I've ever bought I'm impressed with the way it grinds coffee beans it does it very well.
I'm happy with the way it works, looking forward to see how it works grinding up spices.
I think it was worth the money and I would buy this grinder again.
Loads of research later, THIS is the grinder most recommended.
NO, it does not have 18 settings to grind coffee beans.
Great for grinding flax seeds, don't use it for coffee beans.
Coffee Grinder self destructed I cast around for a replacement.
The Krups unit percolated towards the top of the reviews online and Amazon had it for a good price so I bought one.1.
My several cats don't 'head for the hills' whenever I grind coffee anymore!2.
Very basic coffee grinder, but it does the trick!  My only complaint is that its a little hard to clean.
There were a few bigger flakes but over all the consistency of the grind was excellent.
There isn't anything particularly special about this grinder...it's just built well, does a great job and has a great price.
I bought this as a christmas gift for a friend and it works great.
Not a lot of bells and whistles on this.
It's pretty much only meant for the one thing and it does it well.
this is no nonsense product  you put in the beans, press the switch and listen to get the grind that you want.
Anything more sophisticated would be a case of diminishing returns.
Easy to use, and empty , ground coffee.
I've never had any trouble with the grinder, which is not the case with other brands owned by friends.
The oval shape is interesting; apparently has something to do with the way coffee whirls around when ground and is supposed to increase grinding efficiency.
Whatever, it works.I had two, one for spices.
Question: where did those plastic chips go? So now I pound away on the mortar and use the grinder for coffee.
I would say on average these last about 5 years (used at least twice per day).
For a product at this price I call that a rock solid performer.
In addition, the grind is perfect and customizable.
Just figure out how many seconds is your 'perfect' grind and your good to go.
I like a coarser grind for the french press and my wife likes the more thorough espresso grind.
We've used it a few times for spices and it was fine but this is our main battle grinder and it never disappoints.
I would also add it's slightly less messy than the others - I've used a variety of different grinders at friends and family's houses.
I finally got rid of the Hamilton Beach grinder I had been using, and bought my second Krups.
I don't know about spice, but this is the best bang for the buck coffee grinder you are going to find anywhere.
I had a coffee bean grinder but that was all it was good for.
I have always wanted a coffee and spice grinder.
I love cooking and will be taking Culinary classes starting in Jan.
So this will be my chance to use it as a spice grinder to.
This is a finely made appliance, simple and elegant, and nothing to break!Cons:1) Not made for grinding coffee.
But in a way, that's what I like about it.
I feel like an old world craftsman when I do this.
You don't have a button to choose, you have to use your experience, your eyes, your ears.
Hard to explain, but I feel a much greater satisfaction when I do this, almost like I'm doing it by hand.
Anyway, it seems much less of a con when I think of it this way.
It's true that the grind is somewhat uneven, but I like it that way, it's seems more aesthetically pleasing!So, overall a great general grinder.
We got this to grind up flax seed, and wound up using it for a variety of herbs beside.
It does an excellent job, and is easy to clean.
We used it for Flax seed, thyme, oregano, sage, and parsley.Con:- none, works great!Very happy.
We've had similar grinders from Krups in the past, we'll buy another like this if we need it.
I REALLY miss having that open space within which to wind the cord.Other than that, no complaints.
This is the best small/portable spice grinder I have owned.I bought a Hamilton Beach one first at the same price at the local Walmart.
I need something that could grind things to a fine powder.
This one included an auto on/off grinder so you didn't have to keep holding the power button to grinder.
Didn't have anything to lose so I bought it, and it has really surprised me.
It's a very simple grinder - just a power on/off button.
You can literally feel the difference when you press the power button - this thing is a beast!.
I've owned a couple of these over the years.
Design has changed a bit; seems lighter and smaller than time past.
Still does what I need: grind coffee fast and fine.
I was having a hell of a time with a Cuisinart mini-blender...could never get it fine enough.
The reviews for this product were really favorable and the performance grinding spices was just what I was hoping for.
The longer you hold or pulse the grind button the finer things get until you have powder.
I think it should have had a better way to ventilate it to keep the motor cool than just putting some holes on the bottom.
As stated, this is a great grinder for the person who uses coffee for one purpose: power.
Don't look for preservation of flavor profiles or sipping coffee for the "taste".
For this price, all I wanted in quality and function have been more than satisfied.
Krups had good reviews when I bought my first grinder over 10 years ago.
That first one is still working perfectly but now I have three.
One is for coffee, one for spices and one is for nuts and seeds.
That's just so I don't have to clean as often.
Everything does have to be ground finely, otherwise you have uneven grind with whole beans/nuts leftover.
It takes longer to clean than to grind.
Only used so far for coffee but it works fine.
Nice profile and goes with my Krups coffee maker.
I use this exclusively as a spice grinder.
I bought the little espresso grinder brush to brush it out between uses.
And when you are done grinding something, you just turn the entire device over, the powder falls in the lid which is also a cup.
So you just pull the grinder off the lid and your spices are ready to be poured into whatever you are cooking.
have used it for coffee and almonds, and spices, and never had any problems.
highly recommended item if you are a coffee drinker looking for a good grinder.
I have this grinder for my coffee, and it works so well I ordered another to grind spices.
Both work perfectly, grinds the spices (and coffee!) fine enough, and my older one has held up for years.
Plus, it's small and fits perfectly in my cabinets.
great price and does the job! I love simple design that works.
If you need a specific grind this might be difficult.
For my purpose a drip machine this works great every time!.
I like to buy coffee in quantity when it's on sale at my local grocery stores.
Yuck!  I had to discard the whole bag.
So I thought about getting my own grinder but hesitated because I know that loud noise would only contribute to my slight hearing loss.
But then I came up with the bright idea that I would use earplugs, just as I do to filter out my husband's snoring.
After checking out the on line Amazon reviews I selected the Krups, which is a brand I trust.
I'm completely satisfied with this product and look forward to grinding fresh beans first thing in the morning.
Perfect for grinding your own beans in the morning for the freshest coffee.
Then put the ground coffee in my french press for the perfect morning cup of joe.
I only use this occasionally to grind spices.
So far it has been very consistent, and grinds spices very fine, without much effort.
I bought it to grind up my espresso beans.
It grinds to a find blend, which is what I love.
The only one problem I have with this device is that it will only give you a fine grind.
I gave it 5 stars because, for this type of grinder, it is very good.ken.
I owned one of these for about twelve or so years, maybe more.
It always works, very sturdy and easy to wipe down.
I suggest the black one, though, unless you want to brush some ground coffee off of it occasionally.
This grinder replaced a braun grinder that I've had forever.
I can't believe how strong this little guy is.
It grinds the beans in seconds and is easy to clean.
I had purchased another coffee grinder that was more complicated and it bit the dust.
Not super fussy, in other words, so this was simple and easy for us.
The grinder was received timely and without damage.
I have only used it for coffee grinding and it works well.
I had a similar Krups grinder in the past so I thought this one would be as nice.
This little guy is very satisfactory!It doesn't make a perfectly homogeneous grind but it's much more even than the similarly priced Braun I had before.
It's easier to clean out (with a soft brush) than the Braun.
And unlike the Braun it can grind a single cup's worth of beans as evenly as it grinds a full capacity load.Great for the price.
The only thing I really wish were different was the cord: a place to wind it in the base would have been really handy.
This is a nice little coffee grinder; it's simple and easy to use.
The thing is still working properly, so I'm not too concerned yet.
I use this twice a day, every day (bought it around 6 months ago here on Amazon).
It doesn't bug me to have a few extra coffee grinds just sitting in there after using.
If that bugs you, buy a hard brush and just brush out over the sink.
My old grinder finally died and I looked for the cheapest, functional grinder I could find and this is it.
I love the deep chamber that holds a couple more ounces than my old one.
It's just a simple grinder that works, what else can you ask for?.
See, it became VERY hard to source a burr in a lower price range.
I thought MAYBE I could grind it fine enough with the blades.
I was wrong.If you're looking for something similar to a burr, then dont get this.However, it is a quality grinder.
I will say the plastic cup did get chipped easily, hence 4 star rating.
Easy to use and small enough that it fits anywhere in the kitchen.
The color helps hide unintentional bean dust that remains in it, regardless of how well you dust it off.
Wonderful and inexpensive way to have real fresh coffee at home.
When you grind good quality coffee, the aroma is fabulous.
My wife says she is thrilled with the performance on spices and hard cheeses.
I find it a little tough to clean but that is a minor complaint.
I have been using this grinder for over 10 years.
My hand crank burr grinder does a better job but sometimes I just want it quick.
My old one starts to wear out(about 20 years old) so I bought this new one.
Works the same, does good job grinding herb and spice.
My only complain is the cord is too short.
The old one has a 52" long cord but the new one is almost olny half of it, 28"!  Copper must becomes too expensive.
But, you know what? It's reliable, quick, and stores nicely.
So my last one I had was not a Krups and it died after a few short month of use.
This how ever seems to be a beast.
The grinder I used before this was about 10-15 yrs old, so it was great getting to use something brand new.
Also, the grounds come out easy, it's as if the surface is non-stick.
This is a very valuable and useful piece of kitchen equipment.
It is more than a spice and coffee grinder -- useful to grind small amounts of healthy flaxseed!.
I'm not a coffee expert, but I know what I like.
Cheap, simple, stylish, and grinds beans like a stripper trying to pay her rent on the 1st.
Or the 15th depending on who you ask.
It doesn't hold a lot of beans, so if you're doing a bag of Starbucks, you'll have to do quite a few rounds, like 8+.
You're the barista, you stop it when you're ready.
So be careful or you'll have coffee so fine it falls thorough the filter.
Other than cleaning up a mess, and it's limited bean capacity, it's awesome.
If you grind as you make your coffee this is perfect.
Me, I like to grind it all at once, then put it back in the Starbucks back for use as I wish (messy).
Added bonus is that it can also be used to grind nuts and spices.Comes with easy directions and tips for grinding and storing coffee.
Works great!  It is so much quieter than the previous models of this grinder.
The more you push, the finer the grounds become.
I couldn't believe what a difference it made in my coffee.
If possible I would rate it a "10".
This is my first grinder and so far so good.
I've ground several things like spices, coarse sea salt, and coffee.
They say to buy two, one for spices, the other for coffee.
Idk...over all I just like that its powerful.
I've this for coffee beans, flax seeds, and even for small nuts jobs (hehe).
I plan to use this for grinding seeds, nuts, and grains.
I first used one just like this at the Lifestyle Center of America, a premier medical spa-like resort in Oklahoma, to grind flax seed.
It got a lot of use there and worked great so I know it will work great in my kitchen.
I bought this grinder to grind whole flaxseed and it is perfect for the job.
I'm excited, maybe now I will be more healthy (hahaha.).
We use it 2-3 times a day for, oh a year now, and it's doing a great job.
It grinds the coffee very quickly and evenly.
It is also great for grinding the beans very finely for espresso.
We've been using this for the past couple of months.
Works like a charm and looks good on our kitchen counter.
I leave things, sell things, give them away.
I know this because I'm about to buy this damn thing the fourth time.
I've never had one mess up, break, fail, or disappoint.
I'm just irritated because I need to quit moving.
We ordered this product on the advice of a Chef.
We wanted to use some dried peppers on our food and he told us to grind them into powder for sprinkling it on our food.
He mentioned to add onion powder and garlic granules to the mixing for extra flavor.
This grinder works really well on coffee and spices.
Gives me options on grind by pulsing button.for flavors only available...if by Press or Filter Brewers.
I bought this grinder for multiple purposes, to grind spices and coffee.
For spices it's great, for coffee it's okay, it gets the job done.
It's difficult to get a good consistent grind on coffee beans.
If you pulse it a couple times before holding the button down for a 4 to 5 second count it does a decent job.
But if you're particular about your coffee grind, save up for a burr type grinder.
It's also a little difficult to clean out since the base doesn't come apart.
I grind my coffee beans fresh each morning.
Best thing is I only grind what I need.
You get about 98% of the flaxseed out anyway.
I haven't really put this item to a test yet, so I can't honestly promote it.
It does seem to be well-built enough to do what I have in mind and it would probably grind coffee beans well.
I'm not going to grind coffee beans though.
My intentions will not  really be as bad hard on it as the beans anyways.
I use for spices, my pepper, even larger grind salts to make fine.
This is a recirculating grinder that moves the partially-ground coffee beans back over the rotating knives.
The longer you hold the button down, the finer the average size of the particles becomes.
This is an excellent system for fine grinds of coffee intended for filter drip or Turkish-style pots.
It also works well for grinding nuts and seeds for garnishes.For the larger grind indicated for the coffee press,Bodum Chambord 4-Cup Coffee Pressthere are problems.
I read the reviews from others (most of them very positive) before purchasing this grinder.
Love this grinder for coffee beans and I've used it with some spices as well.
looks nice on the counter when left out.
it only takes a few second to grind enough to fill our 32oz french press.
Bought to grind espresso beans for our home espresso machine.
Works great, wasn't extremely expensive, and seems very well made.
For daily coffee and spice griding, this is a great product.
It's easy to use, easy to clean, and doesn't take up too much space.
In my household, it has been used for two years on a daily basis and we have never had any trouble with it at all.
Update:I like this machine so much - it makes short work of beans or grinding spices.
One will be exclusively for coffee, and the other will be for spices.
Here's the spice grinder part of the review:- When freshly ground pepper is called for, look no further.
Larger machines distribute the aroma and air-rinse a lot of it off, I think.
When emptying, gentle taps will clear the spice off the blades- Avoid the temptation to try parmesan blocks or bread in this.
Then I got this grinder to go with the machine and started buying coffee in bean form.
Once you go fresh ground, you don't go back.
I didn't give it 5 stars because the grind isn't 100%.
I find I end up with a few large chunks of bean left, even when grinding for several seconds more.
Still acceptable and I'm glad I have it.
I like this coffee grinder because it is so easy to use and cleaning is a cinch.
I thought it would be a little tricky  to clean the blades but it couldn't be easier.
I will monitor how it performs over prolonged use and review again.
He has been using for his Kona coffe, which is his favorite.
Like other reviewers said you can't pull it apart for cleaning, so grab a brush to clean out bowl.
I got the following brush that works good.Espresso Supply Grinder Brush, 7.5".
It grinds the beans so well that it is just amazing.
Coffee Grinder's previously that I purchased at Walmart and they both broke within a year.
They were about as expensive as this, but they are total pieces of junk in comparison.
The blades are MUCH more solid than the ones with the Mr.
I am very impressed with this grinder so far.
Since you can't wash out the base, you really need to purchase a grinder brush as well.
This should be stated somewhere when you go to purchase it.
I researched this and the best one appears to be the Pallo Coffee Tool, as it comes with firm bristles that won't easily come off.
Many of the reviews mentioned that the bristles of many of these brushes come off easily if they are not firm.
This one appears to be the best and you can get a 3 pack of replacement heads for the brush as well.
This coffee grinder is a steal for this price.
As someone who is new to this godlike elixir called coffee I'm not sure what my feed back is worth but I like the grinder.
I accidentally bought whole-bean coffee so I needed a grinder.
I filled this thing with beans and within seconds it was magical bean dust ready for the coffee maker.
It can grind it to a very fine powder so much so that I went back to paper filters.
It's not too loud but I do take it to the garage to grind it so as to not wake my wife up.
As an added bonus, I feel more pretentious telling people I grind my own beans so that's a plus.
Years ago, after buying a VERY expensive name brand coffee grinder, I gave up.
I still haven't had the opportunity to use this spice grinder, yet, so I can't really give any kind of decent review for it.
But when I do I'm hoping it will work just fine as it was highly recommended by America's Test Kitchen.
Control of grind can be controlled by pulses.
Great replacement for grind & brew coffee makers that don't do the job properly.
I would suggest getting two of these, one for coffee and one for spices.
Had one before and it lasted for years.
This is one thing I could not ignore.
After investigating coffee grinders, I wanted to break away and get a well designed one.
This one my mom had for years.I wanted to branch out and find something different.
But after comparing, this one is cheap, yes, BUT, 934 customer reviews? And still has a 4 1/2 stars? I think that speaks for itself.
Loved it so much I recently bought another one.
Very powerful motor and works great for coffee and flax seed grinding.
The capacity of this product's single load ensures my coffee is strong and requires less &#34;grinds&#34; to fill my flax seed container each week.
Left one in Mexico when we moved back to the states.
I can't imagine it's hard to mess up a coffee grinder.
But this one I can see lasting for a decade.
I kind of want to wash it, but I don't know how.
So I never wash it and use it only for coffee beans.But I sometimes want to grind almond= =.
I think we're all used to anything electronic not having a long life.
My grinder is still going strong after daily use for ten years! If it broke, I'd buy another Krups.
I grind it for I think a count of 20 and it works great in my Bialetti espresso machine.
Dry wipe it or get a brush to clean it so that your fingers do not have to rub against the tines while cleaning it.
We used it on flax and sesame seeds.
We also tried combinations of nuts and had positive results.
Works very well, the only problem I am having is after grinding spices it's hard get the smell out before grinding the next item.
While you can wash the top in soapy water, the grinding area is to be wiped out, only with a damp cloth.
Use it to grind flex seeds, does an excellent job at what its supposed to do.
No complains had it for over two weeks and use it daily.
We will be upgrading to a coffee maker with a built-in grinder because we're sick of the mess of transferring ground coffee.
But, I will be happy to keep this on hand for grinding other foods/spices and the occasional coarse grind for the camping percolator.
I think clean-up is about as easy as it can be when dealing with loose coffee grounds.
I got this coffee grinder as a wedding gift...24 years ago.
It's only just showing signs that it might need to be replaced.
What product on the market today lasts that long? I will definitely be purchasing this item again.
Kudos to KRUPS for making such a high quality product.
i bought this great little grinder for the sole purpose of grinding flax seeds.
it's compact and classy.for the price you really can't go wrong with this product.
I only need to use this occasionally for coffee grinding, and the load is usually light.
That said, it has performed perfectly and very quickly.
Have had it about 3 months and am very satisfied.
Im glad I bought the cleaning brush, keept the flavors of herbs out of my coffee! Im very happy with this item.
This is an excellent grinder for coffee beans.
It is not noisy and does the job in minutes.
I have not tried with spices, but I am pretty sure it will do a great job with spices.
I've had several of these little grinders in a few different brands.
The Krups has been the best out of the bunch.
I don't use it for coffee as I have a burr grinder for that task.
I usually pick it up and shake it up and down a bit while grinding.
You would not want to run cumin seed through it for example without cleaning it out before grinding cinnamon for cookies.
Rice picks up all the residue left over from last grinding.
Fast and has good instructions that come with grinder.
I haven't tried on coffee beans, so I cannot comment on that.
Sleek design.Would definitely recommend this grinder.Price was right.
I have owned several coffee grinders and this one has been my favorite.
It can handle enough beans to make a full pot of coffee, and grinds them very consistently.
Finally, the shape of the grinder helps prevent finely ground bits from getting stuck, which reduces the time you'll spend cleaning.
For the equivalent of a half pot of coffee's worth of beans, it only takes ten seconds to grind.
It grinds your coffee in seconds and is very quick and easy to clean.
It was has the highest rated grinder on consumerreports.com.
Amazon's price is great and they ship it quickly.
I'm not a coffee drinker but I purchased this for grinding herbs and even more importantly Flax Seed.
I toss a tb of ground flax seed in my smoothies a couple times a day.
Flax seed needs to be used freshly ground.
This sits on my counter next to my vita mix blender and works perfectly for the small amounts.
Love it!NancyAuthor of "A Painful Truth - The Entrapment of America's Sick" (How being ill got me arrested.).
Tip: before you wipe down after use, throw a few pieces of bread in there and grind it.
It acts as a sponge and absorbs the moisture/crumbs in the machine and makes it easier to wipe down afterwards.
I ground my coffee in this - and its amazing.
Am going to order another one for grinding my Chia Seeds for baking muffins.
Does just as well at grinding coffee as expensive burr grinders.
Over a year after purchase and its still going strong.
We bought this to grind our numerous spices, it works great very fine powder.
Small drawback is you cant wash so if your are using for spice, you will need other one for coffee.
Very nice fit and finish.This is a &#34;Must Have&#34; for the kitchen of coffee drinkers.
Grinds coffee and spices well, and is fairly easy to clean (if it was super easy to clean, it would have gotten 5 stars).
It is small, which is nice since I have very little counter space.
I don't know how loud other products are, but this one is reasonably quiet.
If you want multiple choices for how fine to grind, you should go with a different type of product.
This is our 642nd coffee grinder, including hand grinders, burr grinders, hammer-the-beans-on-a-bread-board grinder.
We have another one of these from way back and they work great.
The old lid was simpler than this one to put on and off, but other than that it works great.
I use this once a week to grind my own beans for my weekly brew.
It's been 4 years and still working great.
I do not wash the inside of the grinder at all.
I have had it since 2008 and it has not burned out yet.
I could ask for it to be slightly easier to clean.
But thats par for the course with this general design of grinder.
They might consider tossing in a little cleaning brush or something, of the style they give you with an electric razor.
I purchased this grinder solely for the purpose of grinding flax seeds and it has served me well.
I love this grinder! In fact, I loved it so much this is the second one I purchased (as a gift).
I am an avid coffee drinker and love to brew my own.
It is very true that grinding your own beans improves the flavor immensely.
I decided to invest in my own grinder and did a lot of research before selecting this brand.
The motor is only a little noisy when you first put whole beans in but once the beans are broken down there is less rattling.
The blade is pretty sharp and I can grind beans enough for 1-2 cups in less than a minute.
I am definitely going to buy a 3rd (for myself) to grind spices.
Wanted a small personal size grinder and this Krup is the one I bought.
Don't over load it or grind too long.
It turns the product to a fine ,almost powder like,grind rather quickly if your not paying attention!.
Add to 2 cups boiling water on stove.
Cook 10 min on low-med heat, stirring occasionally.
I usually add cinnamon to give it some flavor and freeze it in an ice cube tray.
Grinds my coffee real fast and will also grind my spices.
This product does exactly what I want it to do -- quickly produce finely ground coffee beans.
I'm hoping it will last a long time, as well.
I've been using it for a few months and I'll never be without one again.
I don't drink coffee, but this little affordable gadget has powdered a lot of dehydrated vegetables - jalapenos, corn, celery, tomatoes.
I also used it to grind down some black pepper that was too coarse to go through my shaker.
I use it to make a little whole wheat flour occasionally.
It will handle about 1/3 cup of wheat berries at a time.
My favorite dinner roll recipe uses 1-1/2 cups of whole wheat flour, so it doesn't take very long to get what I need.
It is nice to get freshly ground wheat flour without the huge $$$ outlay needed for a dedicated flour-making gadget.
I clean it with a dry, round artist brush that I keep in the utensil drawer just for that purpose.
That's pretty much all I expect from any product - that it works, is well made and it is not expensive.
I have had this grinder for approximately 15 years and never a problem.
Consistent, dependable, easy to clean, easy to store.
I currently use it to grind espresso beans, but I'm not sure how much longer I'll continue to use it in that capacity.
That's fine for things like grinding peppercorns, dried hot peppers, or other spices -- things that you'd prefer to turn into dust.
If you want to use it as a spice grinder, it's a great option.
If you're not too particular about your coffee, it's a fine option.
If you're highly particular about your coffee, I suggest you look elsewhere.
I don't drink coffee, but my husband does.
I bought him a 4 cup Mr Coffee maker, a highly rated brand of coffee, and this grinder.
Don't know if it's the coffee maker, the coffee, or the grinder, but he says it's the best coffee he's ever had.
I haven't heard any complaints about the grinder, and trust me, if he had any, I would have heard them.
I use mine every day for months and havent had any problems so far.
Its a good brand so I trust it will keep on grinding.
Pretty much all I ask for in a grinder.
Krups did not change the design for numerous years, all they did was offering these in different colors now.
But really, there is nothing to improve, it's just a great, powerful coffee grinder.
Same good quality as my old one was.
I use this new one now for coffee and the old one to break up dog kibbles that are too large for my small dog.
Grinding coffee beans is noisy, but the smell of freshly ground coffee is unbeatable as is the taste :).
The results varied, and the container in which they were ground was severely scared early on.
Because of this, I purchased this Krups Spice and Coffee Grinder.
When I evaluated this against it's competition, it excelled there as well.
It's too bad that its stainless steel brother could not achieve such a high consumer ranking, since I would have rather had that.
Although, after several times of grinding cinnamon sticks, the clear plastic dome has become cloudy from scratches.
As a result, I will definitely be incorporating more flax in my smoothies.Organic spices.
If you grow or buy your own organic spices, you can dry them, then use this to produce your own organic spices.
It also did an excellent job of grinding up whole Allspice, which is very hard like peppercorns.
Specifically, get THIS very practical, and easily affordable grinder.
And if my review was helpful, please give me a positive vote.
I am still completely satisfied with this, and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a tried and true grinder.
This is my first coffee grinder, and I don't think I could ask for anything more.
Each morning after I use it I stick it back in the cupboard.
It takes about as much room as a large drinking glass.
Supposedly, this keeps the grinder from heating as much...a good thing since heat affects the taste of coffee beans.
Maybe that's a no-no to coffee snobs, but I haven't noticed any difference in the taste.
After I'm finished grinding, I tap out the excess, and then I take a dry paper towel and wipe it out.
I haven't tried grinding spices or nuts with this grinder.
I only use this grinder for flax seeds and it works perfectly.
Glad my Sunbeam busted (after one year use).
This grinder is a workhorse for grinding seeds such as Flaxseeds and Chia Seeds.
The only reason that I gave it four stars is because unless you want an espresso grind, it fails miserably when grinding coffee beans.
BTW..."Bob's Red Mill manufactures great flours, seeds, Quinoa, etc.Edit 6/23/2014.
Krups grinder is still growing strong and I have found another use for it.
I have this new recipe...well...have been making it for a few months now...for "banana, oatmeal and blueberry pancakes".
For the oat flour...also use an equal amount of whole wheat flour...I have been using "Quakers" "Old Fashion Oats".
Our little Krups grinder has bit the dust after almost 15 years of reliable, daily coffee service.
That's over 5400 grinds, not counting the days where we came back to make second pots or evening pots for dinner guests.
This is not a problem after the first few times you use it, you figure out pretty quick how much your pot needs.
All in all, probably the most reliable thing you can get for $20.
Haven't decided if we will replace with another one or go for a burr grinder this time.
This is the second Krups I have purchased and am happy with both.
One I use for coffee beans and the other for spices.It's loud but fast and does the trick!.
Just what do you say to that?  I've owned mine for at least that long.
Just keeps going and going like the bunny.
Not good for espresso, but good enough for Greek and baking.Just count me in with the others.
I didn't want to take up counter space with a larger unit.
Plus, I've experienced a lot of static cling with counter units and it's a mess.
This works fine on an occasional basis if needed.
Generally, I use ground high quality ground coffee and this is a standby for when I happen to have whole bean.
We go through a lot of coffee so we grind at the store mostly.
Being diabetic, I was searching for a way to liven up my cooking by adding new and different flavors to standard dishes.
It's holding up and, like other Krups merchandise, I expect to hold up for some time.
I bought this for my dad because the one I got 4 years ago still works perfectly.
My wife and I got this along with a coffee maker as a wedding present in 2004.
I've used this grinder almost every day (sometimes even twice a day) since then and have not had any problems.
The only minor issue I have is that when you grind the beans too fine, it tends to stick to the bottom of the grinder.
Its a minor inconvenience considering this device still works perfectly.
I use "coffee" grinders to grind my own herbs and spices and have been using a wonderful grinder by another company for many years.
I needed a replacement and did a lot of research before settling on the Krups.I can't tell anyone how it grinds coffee.
Keep in mind that you must put enough in the cup for best results.
If a recipe calls for a pinch of something.
It is relatively quiet for a grinder of this type.
it is not quiet enough to fire up while the family is sleeping in the morning.
Ha.As for the reviews in which the lid/cup is hard to remove.
for the first few times of using it.
It has been painstakingly paired with the base and fits very snugly.
so don't give up on such a great product.
I guess since I am not using this product everyday, it has not blown up yet :).
I was laughing as I read the other reviews.
When making curry, I find it much easier to just spin the spices into powder form.
When I used to drink more coffee, yes, this did not last as long.
It is just so convenient and small and fits in the back of the cupboard nicely.~The Rebecca Review.
Does what it supposed to do and does it well.
This is the 4th one I have had in the last 20 or so years.
I never thought I could say a coffee grinder was cute looking, but this one is.
I ordered it on Sunday and received it today from Amazon.
I hope the love affair lasts for awhile.
I plan on buying another one strictly for grinding up my spices.
But that's really to be expected with any coffee grinder.
If you're searching for a coffee grinder, look no further.
Concerned about how plastic lid/actuator will last; seems flimsy.
I have used it to grind Flax seeds for my smoothies.
It is reasonably quiet and grinds the seeds up very nicely.
I do wish there was someplace to wrap the cord securely, but that's a minor flaw in a great machine.
I have ground about twenty pounds of coffee beans for expresso use so far with 100% satisfaction.
I have not smelt any burning smells as other people have stated.
It is still running strong as the first day I used it and I have given it a workout.
I would definitely recommend this seller and product to everyone.
I replaced my previous KRUPS grinder; lasted about 5 yrs.
Does my pepper corns and my coffee beans just right.
It's a great coffee grinder for the price.
It ground the coffee super fine & it tasted awesome after.
I have owned several grinders and this is by far my favorite.
It does a great job and it is very easy to clean with a good brush.
For the money, this does everything I need to make a great cup of coffee in the morning.
Pulse the motor and rock the container gently while grinding to ensure beans are ground consistently.
Part of getting a great cup of coffee out of your coffee maker is fresh ground beans.
I can really tell the difference that's why I love this Krups grinder.
I like it so much I purchased two; one for coffee and one for spices.
A few quick pulses give you a coarse grind or you can give a steady pulse to grind fine enough for espresso.
Fresh will always taste better and grinding coffee or spices really brings out the flavor in both.
This is the second one we've owned after the first one finally went kaput after many years of use.
Bought it for the spouse, who still loves it best over all those bigger, fancier, more expensive, show-off grinders.
I bought this to use as a spice grinder and it is very effective.
Grind time in minimal and the flavor enhancement of using ground whole seeds in a recipe is well worth the extra effort.
Easy to clean and fair price.I have not use this for coffee beans as we have a burr type grinder for that purpose.
I honestly don't know much about these things,  When I've needed it for cooking it always worked well.
When other people used it for coffee it also did the job.
Be careful wiping this thing out though that blade is sharp.
There's others out there that are nicer, but this is great for the money spent.
I ordered it considering the fact that it is handy and small.
I use it to grind my baby cereals.
It makes a thin powder without making a loud noise which I expected since I grinding a grain.
I am totally impressed by this tiny mill.
The only thing I didn't like is that the grinding pot cannot be detached.
I wish I could take it out and wash it.
I purchased this Krups grinder with the Bodum Brazil 8-cup french press and they work well together.
The grinder easily cuts through the coffee beans in a couple of seconds.
There is no fine or coarse setting, you just press the button for however long you need to get the consistency you desire.
I have noticed that it works better with fewer beans (single and double cup vs.
I find that shaking the unit (think of a tap/shake you would give a smoothie blender) between pulses will give a more consistent course grind.
I need my coffee every morning just like tons of other people do, and I really love this machine.
I buy the beans (obviously) because if you buy the grounds they will go bad faster then if you buy the beans.
So I buy the beans so I can have fresh ground and fresh coffee every morning.
A must have for anyone that buys beans because it is small and compact and works like a dream.
It is quick and convenient - providing fresh ground spice at a moment's notice.
The plastic top is washable, although cloves may cloud the plastic and certain spices take a bit more hot water to clean away.
I had major problems getting lid off so had it for quite awhile before being able to use it.
It is much better than one I had that broke so hopefully it will last a long time.
Ground up the peanuts for a Thai dish perfectly.
i've kept my old one for spices but found that i still prefer my mortar-and-pestle grinder for that purpose.
i like the slow release of aroma as i grind.
call me old fashioned :)I would have given my old unit 5 stars (quiet, effective and efficient).
I give this unit 4 stars: effective but noisy and less efficient.
I use this for grinding spices and dried chiles.
Wipe the grinder out with a damp paper towel and then dry.
Once you've got the big chunks out, fill the grinder with 3-4 Tbsp of white rice and grind that up.
Repeat the cleaning methodology above and you should be good to go.
I used to have a manual flaxseed grinder but I accidentally knocked it over last month and broke it.
It grinds the flax up in no time.
In fact, I ended up with more ground flax than I needed so I keep the leftover bits in a container in the refrigerator.
I already had one of these, and I needed one for work, so I bought a second one.
$20 is a pretty good price for this grinder, I've had the first one for several years now and it's still running strong.
I put the beans in the plastic lid first, then I attach the body to the lid while it's upside-down.
I know that probably made no sense at all.
My mom hinted she wanted one, so I got her one last Xmas.
I haven't heard any complaints, so my guess is it works fine.
I like to grind almost to a dust for the best flavor.
For the price, it does this extremely well.A little loud but who cares.
Just press, count till 5 (or 6) and you'll have great coffee everytime!I agree you should use cold beans though.
Again, relying on the positive Amazon reviews, I chose the Krups 203-42.
It's a handsome, sturdy tool and I find it easy to use, easy to clean.
At this price, I think it will be wiser to buy another for the spices.
It sounds like the motor has to work extra bard, which is weird because this burr grinder only has two settings: on and off.
So far I haven't had any problems but I only use it every couple weeks to grind herbs, spices and oats.
The grinder is a bit on the loud side when it starts but as the beans grind it quiets down a bit.
I wouldn't try to use it while anyone was asleep in the house but for the office it's perfect.
The grind is semi-fine, perfect for the Aeropress.
I would recommend this grinder for coffee beans.
I purchased this to grind my flax seed and have not been disappointed.
It is quiet and grinds a tablespoon of flax seed in seconds.
I have read that it is hard to clean however I have not found that to be the case.
Works well, easy to control, I used a brush to sweep it out and the lid to hold the ground spices.
works very well for grinding eggshells and other stuff.
i haven't used it for coffee beans, but it probably works for that too ;).
This was a gift to my daughter for grinding spices.
She loves it and says it works exceptionally well for the task.
Sent to my friend so I can always have cofee when I wake up there.
I travel with beans but not a grindershe loves it too.
I was using a hand-powered burr grinder prior to this, which gave me a very even grind but was a lot of work.
I was leery of a blade grinder but this is giving me a very even fine grind for my pour-over coffee.
Have been using it daily since it arrived.
Clean it with a soapy sponge every couple of days.
Very satisfied with this so far (daily use--sometimes twice a day--for about a month now).
It seems like it will be durable, but if it isn't, I'll come back to update this.
The shape of the grinding chamber seems to keep the contents moving and I get the same great results with each load of coffee beans.
In the morning when I just don't have time to steep a good cup of tea this works.
I just ordered another grinder just for my spices.
I will update after i have had longer.
Only used a couple of weeks but love it.
We use a small electric shaver brush for cleaning the blades and surrounding area.I highly recommend this great value-for-money product.
Do not buy this for a french press.
My stovetop espresso maker uses grinds from this product wonderfully!.
My husband has 1 cup of French press in the mornings.
This works great for that small amount (or more, if you need it) and takes up very little counter space.
I ordered this just to have on hand in case I ever need it for spices.
Krups has a good reputation, so I got this unit to have fresh ground coffee at work.
It's a workhorse and is easy to use and clean.
this is a good product and will last forever if you keep it nice.
would like to have another just for herbs.
Not sure if it's because I'm pressing on the button too much.
This is a really nice grinder that does the job well! I also bought a little espresso brush to brush out the leftover coffee grounds.
It's not the quietest grinder, but then again...it's a grinder - i'm not sure who expects them to be quiet.
It's not the loudest I've heard either, though.
I have only used it for grinding coffee so far - it does the job I need it to do.
I can control the type of grind simply by how long I grind the beans in this machine.
It's not sophisticated, but it's a very good grinder.
It cleans up well (get a coffee grinder brush for it) and I expect that it will last for a long time.
I bought this to grind herbs with, I was getting tired of crushing them.
It works great for this and takes no time at all doing it.
I would think it would work just as good grinding coffee beans.
I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good grinder.
I have had this grinder for over a year now and it works just like the day I bought it.
I grind coffee mostly but have tried to grind spices and it works quite well.
I like fresh coffee in the morning and you will too.
I bought this 3 years ago and it's still working great.
I use it mainly for coffee but on occasion for grinding flaxseeds and nuts like almonds and cashews.
But I also have your run-of-the-mill brewer and it gets a really nice fine grind for that.
Very easy to clean the lid and base.
The powder is pretty fine (more so than when you purchase coffee grounds) and helps to really milk the coffee for full flavor.
It is loud as they all are, but I am not sure much can be done about the noise of a coffee grinder.
It is easy to operate, space saving and you can grind to your desired result.
We haven't yet tried grinding anything but coffee in it, but assume it would work just as well with spices.
I actually use this to grind flax seeds and such.
It works quickly and gives everything an nice fine and uniform grind.
I can't compain, it works exactly as I would have hoped it would.
Glad to see they're still selling the wonderful Krups grinder.
Ours has been in use nearly every day since 1986 and still going strong.
Now it's time to buy one for our daughter.This grinder is fine for drip machine or french press coffee with a good filter.
But it is NOT for espresso -- a rotating blade type grinder will not produce a uniform grind.
Solid grinder.Have one from about 20 years ago.
Compared side-by-side, they appear virtually identical.No need to mess with a good thing!.
I bought this for a gift and the recipient seemed happy.
I have owned one myself and found it to do a good job with coffee beans although I have never considered trying it with spices.
I tried a used and new burr grinder and it produced a coarse grind nowhere near a Turkish grind.
I purchased this one based on reviews and I'm enjoying a nice cup of Turkish coffee as I type this.
I've owned one of these for several tears, and just bought another.
Now Im using my new one for coffee and the old one for grinding spices.
Bought the Krups because of its great reviews although I doubted it's capacity.
I can report that it grinds enough beans for 10 cups of coffee which is our daily consumption.
I have no complaints about this coffee grinder.
It works well and is very easy to operate and to clean.
We had purchased this grinder before our son was born...He's 12.5.
The Bullet is excruciatingly loud and the grind is not even! Mr Coffee motor seized up after so many uses as did the Cuisinart.
This thing works as good as it did the day we bought it.
This is the 200W motor, not the 160W motor.
I bought one of these when I was making this 16 spice dry rub.
Have you ever tried to crush grind up fennel seeds.
Now I use it for all my spices.
I grow and dry: basil; oregano; thyme; marjoram; several mints; rosemary; a few others.
Try purchasing your spices in seed form if applicable.
My household used an old krups grinder exactly like this since I was very young (think 1985i'sh)  it's still going strong.
It works just as well as the old one does.
Sure a little powder gets stuck in the oval'd edges and it's not a 1 second clean.
but the shape really gets stuff to a powder and grinds it all evenly.
If this one lasts a quarter as long as my parent's grinder has lasted.
I've used it for coffee beans daily for a few months now with no problems.
I've had this grinder (red) for 15 years and it has held up really well.
My coffee maker of choice is a 12 cup drip coffee maker with a gold cone.
After lots of experience discovered that you get the best results if you gently rotate the grinder while grinding.
This mixes the beans and you get more consistent grounds.
Darker coffee beans have more of a tendency to clump and not grind as evenly.
Medium and light beans, though grind up well.
I don't like espresso, but I've read that this grinder may not be a good choice for espresso.
I have enough practice to know how many beans to grind in a single batch and how many seconds to grind.
All in all, this is a good grinder that balances price with functionality.
It's not a lot of money to spend to get fresh ground coffee!.
This is a very nice looking and high quality coffee grinder.
It grinds coffee very finely within 10-30 seconds.
I don't know what the blades are made of but they still grind the coffeeto a powder within seconds.
works great for grinding spices, chia seeds and/or flax seeds for baking.
I love not worrying about getting tiny chia seeds stuck in my teeth.
Absolutely necessary for those who use flax/chia as egg alternatives.
If you just need to occasionally grind up some coffee or spices quickly, this is an ideal purchase.
Perhaps if I needed to grind a lot more at once, it would have been better.
I guess the essential oil residues have time to break down and evaporate with the greater exposure to air.
Probably not as big a deal if you only use it for coffee.In summary, though, this is a perfect entry-level or low-end appliance.
I have owned numerous grinders in my life and this is, by far, my favorite.
Super simple design that is really easy to use.
It has a small footprint so it doesn't take up much counter space and it is also pretty quiet for a grinder.
I don't spill coffee grounds all over the counter any more!.
This little baby is the Volksvagen of coffee grinders...its a real workhorse.
Buy with confidence, there's a reason Krups has their high reputation.
I've had Hamilton Beach 80365 which cost about the same.
The low blade grinds much more evenly, much more quietly.
True, coffee grinds sticks to the wall and below the blade, but I had the same problem with all my grinders.
I'm now spending $5 on a grinder brush, and the combined price is still unbeatable given the quality.
Now I use it more for grinding coffee!When I first bought this I did find it difficult to clean.
Than I found out about using rice to clean it and that seems to work well.
I bought one of these models, used, 20 years ago, and it is still working just like new.
So when my son needed a grinder, he ask for this same model.
It looks identical to my older one, and hopefully will serve him just as well.
I grind flax for my horses, but I also use one in the house for coffee.
What I really like about this unit is the size of the cap.
The coffee grinder grinds the coffee beans well and works quickly.
I have not notices any odd smells or experienced any product defects.
I don't drink coffee but I do use this frequently to grind spices.
I use this blender specifically for grinding flax seeds.
It works perfectly and super easy to clean/maintain.
However, the power of the grinder is impressive.
For its sole purpose of existence, I give it 5 stars.
Therefore, 3 stars and 5 stars equals 4 stars on average.
I use this item as a chia seed grinder and it certainly quickly makes a powder out of the chia seeds.
With gently use, I look forward to using it for years to come.
I use it just for spices and it works fast.
You should stop it occasionally to make sure you are grinding it to the point that you need for whatever you are cooking.
Bought one at Macys , model 203-B and made in France.
It is still performing as solid as day one.
The ground coffee from the Krups is uniform and useable for espresso.
The Cuisinart has other weakness that I don't bother to use it.
The trick is: grind for a few seconds, stop, shake it then grind again and repeat it a few times.
I bought this a few years ago and it's still grinding beans well.
I use it almost everyday and recommend it.
I like the fact that you have one speed only, too many choices on my other one.
Grinds the coffee to the right consistency, we are quite happy with this purchase.
Works as I expected, it was cheap and I've owned it for a few months without any issues so far.
I have only used it for coffee beans and it works great! Now I am just wasting space so I can post this.
This is the perfect tool at a great price.
I wish it was a little easier to clean, but that's a minor point.
I've only used this for coffee beans but I also want to try it for spices.
I've only used it 7 or 8 times so, as far as lasting, I can't comment on that.
Had it for about a month now, works well, no complaints.
Used it only for coffee and sugar powder, not spices.
If you use it for spices you probably won't be able to clean it.
But yeah, for the money - it's great.
For years I have fought the idea of grinding my own coffee beans.
Instead,  I searched for the best ground coffee and was satisfied with the results of my investigation.
I complained and was informed that one cannot return  grocery products, so I was given an apology and a second delivery of coffee.
The second delivery was also coffee beans.What could I do?  I was in possession of two orders of my favorite coffee.
True that it was not ground, but it was my favorite coffee.
It is like I had been eating stale bread all my life and was offered a slice of freshly baked bread.
So now the grinder I use is important, because I intend to use only freshly ground coffee in the future.
.The Krups 203 Electric Coffee and Spice Grinder with Stainless-Steel Blades is a great machine for me.
It is simple to use and is fast grinding.
It grinds the precise amount of coffee that I use for brewing a pot of coffee.
It is small enough to use little counter space, but, because it is so light, I store it in my cupboard between uses.
I've had several of these, given some away and repurposed others.
This is a very solid and powerful grinder.
I use it to grind spices and coffee and it comes out perfect every time.
This is the only grinder you will need.
I use this exclusively as a spice grinder, and it is magnificent.
Easy to use and it performs like a dream.
I pat myself on the back for getting one, and this particular grinder is highly recommended.
I used it a lot at first to grind some spices.
It worked very well, but I was careful not to overheat it.
I have not used it since because I have not needed to, so I can not attest yet to longevity.
The purpose I ordered it was to make onion powder from onions I grow and dehydrate myself.
Also to make small batches of flour to add to bread.
I dried another batch of chips in front of the heater, then repeated.
Going from Onion to coffee is going to make the first batch of coffee taste a bit off.
Yes you brush the bottom out then wipe it out but it would be nice to have it removable to completely washable like the top.
Really wish this grinder had a removable cup that collects the grinds.
For example, how many coffee beans do you need to use to grind enough coffee for X cups.
Simple, easy to use, light weight, but well made.
Only thing i wish is that there was an easier way to get all of the grinds out.
It's good price!!This item is easy,fast,and does perfect job!If it had longer cord,I would have been more happy but not a big deal.
Just don't one, overload it, and two, clean it after each use.
We bought one, but we find we want more to put different oils in.
It tends to apply a splatter rather than a fog at low pressure  (3-4 pumps).
Even a light spray of flavored oil on your salad or pasta is a pleasant change.
I suppose it would work with other fluids like vinegar or light, clear sauces.The pump is really not that difficult to use.
It is very similar to the one on some Envirotech car polishes I use.
You just push the cap in and out several times and it will spray.
If you push the top down it just raises back up.
The warmer the weather the higher it pushes up.
Functionally they are perfect and I would buy another without hesitation.
One of the very few 'kitchen gadgets' that does exactly what it's supposed to do simply and easily.
Decoratively, too! Produces so fine a spray that one filling lasts surprisingly long.
Most everything has been mentioned about this product's advantages and disadvantages.
It doesn't exactly "mist" but small droplets are quite acceptable for most applications I've used it for.
It might have been useful if the manufacturer had been more specific in their directions.
It says: "Pump top cap until firm." Just remember this isn't a piece of exercise equipment.
I too think this is overpriced at $ but we found it for under $ thus the FIVE STAR rating.
I bought this to go with my new Calphalon Contemporary non-stick pan set.
They recommended the use of one of these.
I had never used one before and had always meant to get one, but had put it off until I had to get one.
Using Extra Virgin Olive Oil is very expensive, but so much more heathier for you, and this works excellent.
So you don't waste any precious oil and your food doesn't float in it!!I love it and wish I had gotten it sooner.
I got an extra one as a gift and plan on buying more for gifts.
It is the best gadget to have in your kitchen and everyone should have one.
I despise cooking sprays generally since they make the food taste like an old tuna can and smell like the bottom of my garbage pail.
Until now, the Misto Olive Oil Sprayer is wonderful for both kitchen and barbeque.
This is the best money I have ever spent on a gadget.
Purchased 2 more for relatives to take back to Sweden with them, they loved it but had not been able to find one over there.
It's easy to pump, and the oil inside lasts a long time!.
I have had the Misto for about a month.
After reading the reviews, I was a little hesitant to get one.
However, I have used mine for a month and have had no problems.
I do release the pressure by loosening the top after each use and I have been careful not to overfill it.
It works great to mist food so spices stick for grilling.
Besides, it is cheap enough that if it only lasts 6 months or a year, I'll just buy another.
As a weight watcher, I am now using mine to portion out oil in my nonstick pan.
If you use it as directed (not over filling and pumping it like you're supposed to), you get a fine mist of oil.
This is kitchen gear I use every day.
It couldn't be easier, just add olive oil and pump.
To clean it, pump hot soapy water and then pump clean water to rinse.
In short, this is something anyone can use, even if you need instructions to boil water.
I've had my Misto about 5 months and feel it was a good purchase.
I was about to return this item because it did not work, but found that the sealing ring had fell into the bottle during shipment.
This may have been a problem for others.
In sum, if you are concerned about the environment and/or saving money on oil,  this sprayer is a fair alternative to the gas filled ones.
This item is a game changer for me.
I've never liked the idea of cooking with &#34;non-stick&#34; spray.
This item is able to spray all of my favorite oils with a similar consistency of PAM.
I'll definitely purchase several to hold different types of oil.
Will also purchase as gifts.Note: I've only had it for a few months.
I release the pressure after each use and have not had any clogging issues.5 stars as I can't think of anything I would change.
Use your own oil without the nasty chemical propellants.
From grapeseed to olive, this is a much better option than Pam cooking spray.
Mist is nice and even and it seems to be built pretty well.
I recently switched to the Mediterranean Diet which emphasizes ingesting healthy fats like olive oil.
I like having the ability to mist olive oil over Brussel sprouts (or anything else) so I can bake them.
I was skeptical but decided to give this a shot.
It does just exactly what it is supposed to do.
You fill it half-way, pump 10-15 times, then spray a nice oil mist.
It probably won't last forever, but it is worthwhile nevertheless.
I have followed others suggestions to relieve the pressure after using by turning the threaded cap.
I am hoping this will make it last longer.
I had two similar sprayers of different brands and they did not last long.
I like that I can use pure olive oil without additives.
However, since it is pure you will not get the same non-stick excellence that you do with PAM which has extra additives to prevent sticking.
The first one they sent me was defective, but I was able to really easily return it and get a replacement.
But the misto works REALLY well and does save a bunch of money and trash compared to buying a spray olive oil from the store.
I love it and I will never have to waste money on buying oil and PAM or a PAM-like spray again.
I wanted to mist oil for cooking in a way to avoid commercial spray cans.
I can see that it could also be used to spray olive oil on salads and thus saving the amount of oil used.
It stays on the kitchen counter for easy access.
Don't pump the air in quickly using short strokes.
Take your time and push in a full pump of air each time.
I wasn't sure how this was going to work but I figured for the price I'd give it a try.
We got some new pans and I really didn't want to ruin them with non-stick cooking spray.
Put some olive oil in this and it works great.
Sometimes for a few brief seconds I'll get more of a stream then a mist but not very often or for very long.
Regardless, I love the fact that I am just using oil and air instead of the propellants from the prepackaged spray oils.
Superb replacement for canned sprays from the store and much better quality with my own olive oil.
I also use one for balsamic vinegar and other acidics.
I also want to be able to use my own choice of oil.
Even though the ad says olive oil but I have no trouble with using vegetable oil.
I use this daily with everything i cook.
You do have to clean the spray part out once in a while but not very often, so far it has not stopped working.
I received a blue one of these for Christmas but I broke the pumper so I ordered this one.
I really like that I can mist olive oil on my indoor grill and baking dishes.
My sister-in-law has a similar one from Pampered Chef that she said came with 2 pumpers.
Until these started being delivered this way or you can order the caps separately, I will be less enthusiastic with the pumping.
Fill it up, pump it a few times and spray.
I have my wife release the pressure after each use just because I heard it prevents clogging.
It looks like we won't be buying oil sprayer cans anymore instead we just bought bulk olive oil and it sprays like a champ.
I have been trying to move away from packaged and processed items for my family.
This product allows me to use only olive oil instead of regular canned cooking spray.
Misto Sprayers have always been good to me.
This particular sprayer has a unique design and I love it.
It sprays the oil just as well as the plain sprayer.
Works as advertised, but it does get sputtery/blobby if it isn't fully pumped.
Still, I like this so much better than the canned sprays that turn my baking sheets brown with sticky residue.
I have one can for olive oil, and another for sesame oil  Yum!.
Easy to fill, easy to pump, sprays for 10 - 15 seconds before you have to prime the pump again.
I absolutely love the fact that I no longer need to use an aerosol spray like Pam, that's loaded with chemical propellant!.
Saves you a ton on olive oil, and works better than any other method of application.
Only advise is to follow directions carefully, and clean completely when you add new oil.
Works like a champ and it a great help for greasing baking pans with olive oil - wish I had bought the 2 pack.
This item looks very elegant in the kitchen.The only thing is you need to keep on pumping every time you use it.
This thing seems to get mixed reviews, but I love mine.
Here's what I'll say to those complaining about it.
If you pump it up less than about 20 times, you'll get a stream, not a mist.
All I've had in it is EVOO, and I do release the pressure after using it.
That said, it's perfect for frying, waffle irons, grills, salads, whatever.
I like knowing what I'm spraying on since I put it in there, and it's not coming out of an aerosol can!.
I no longer buy Pam, I use this olive oil sprayer instead.
Follow the directions and don't fill the dispenser too full.
I can use it on everything I use to use Pam, but without any chemicals!.
I bought the red one about 1 1/2 years ago.
It worked pretty good, but did get to the point that the pump didn't really work so well.
Not sure if that is me getting better at it or if the other one wasn't as good.
If this one has problems in another year or so, I will buy one again.
Hopefully the above trick will make this last much longer.
You got to be careful how full you make the bottle though, otherwise it comes out too much and not like a spray.
I can put in any oil I want.
Been using them for couple months now and haven't plugged it up.
If you want to spray your own oil, this is the ticket.
I have had one of these for well over a year with no problems whatsoever.
What it allows you to do is use your own cooking oil and spray it on pans.
Simply remember to let the air out when you are done.
We have used it at home, camping, visiting friends.I buy them as thoughtful little gifts.
It looks nice, helps us get in spray form the oil we choose, and helps us conserve oil.
Really handy, useful gadget, great buy for the money.
You can coat pans, coat food, or both and use as little or as much as you'd like.
Just remember to let the air out when you are done and should have no problems.
I bought two, one for Canola Oil and one for Olive Oil.
They do make a very fine mist which does fly around in the air but all aerosols from the supermarket do anyway.
Very pleased and they look great on the counter.
I LOVE THIS THING!!!  I can put the olive oil I want in it (expensive Italian 1st press).
I can spray the amount I want onto pasta, my pot, my baking dish.
I have control!  One can certainly use it with other (non olive) oils - your choice.
One just pumps the top to put the air in to push the oil out.
Works great then; the key is to push down hard.
I use it most of the time for misting air popped popcorn so that the seasoning powder sticks to it.
I just got mine and as luck has it I came across a deal on some chicken breast.
follow the instructions and don't over fill it and pump it up as you spray and it works great.
I owned one of these years ago and used it for spraying olive oil but I had nothing but trouble.
It does look just like the Pampered Chef spritzer except mine has no design printed on it.
But I must say it has worked perfectly for at least three years now.
So I wanted another sprayer strictly for balsamic vinegar and went with this Misto because Amazon sells it.
It's working fine with the vinegar so I'm happy.
I had a Pampered Chef sprayer that I loved, but it got clogged and stopped working after 2 or 3 years.
One drawback compared to the Pampered Chef one is that you can't see through this one to see how high the oil level is.
This unit is even more finicky than the Pampered Chef one about the level, it almost won't spray if the level is too low.
The reflective coating inside makes it very hard to see how high it really is.
This one sprays a very fine spray, finer than the Pampered Chef one.
And it sprays quite nicely if you have the correct level of oil in there.I think I know why my old one got clogged.
I think if you leave it pressured up all the time, like I did with my old one, it damages the nozzle over time.
But time will tell if I'm right.Another tip -- don't fill it with anything but olive oil.
Other oils evaporate and leave a sticky/greasy feeling on the outside of the sprayer.
Olive oil doesn't do that, that's why I now don't use anything else on my stovetop (except sometimes peanut oil for stir frying).
It won't last forever, but while it works, last one five years, it is grand.
I use it constantly and never use commercial sprays that are combustion packed or whatever they are that creates the pressure.
I just pump up this cute gadget, great for the arms, spritz and cook.
I always store it without pressure so that it will last longer.
Saves lots of calories, great on veggies and fish and good to use for baking.
I just spray a bit on my parchment paper and around the edges and voila! Perfect non-stick baked goods.
I've been using aerosol oil sprays, but never felt comfortable about the solvent-derived contents.
This product seemed like an ideal alternative, and it is...sort of.The problem is forecast in the brand name: Misto.
Pump it up, and it does just that.
A cloud of oil mist rises up and drifts out of the pan.
I was about to chuck it until I noticed that as it ran out of pressure, it would give out a spatter, with no mist.
So now I just pump it up a few times, then use a light touch on the button.
I have to pump for every use, but my stove top stays much cleaner.
I like this product, but it sometimes leaks.
I have 2, one for olive oil and another for frying oil.
I kept them because they are beautiful and useful.
Hey i have one of these for olive oil now i have two the other one sprays worcestershire best invention ever.
I just sold this company twice as many units.
Why would I ever buy another aerosol can of spray oil!  This lets you get the exact micro does of oil you want.
My wife does a lot of cooking/baking and uses cooking spray often.
I definitely recommend this product, since it will eventually pay for itself!.
My sister had given me one of these many years ago.
I finally wore it out a couple of months ago.
This product is just as good as the one she originally gave me.
One of the features that I really appreciate is the smaller size.
This one works just as well as the one I replaced.
The Misto really does spray olive oil out pretty evenly, but it doesn't come out like a typical spray bottle does.
It's very misty, even more so than a cologne or perfume bottle.
That's not necessarily a bad thing, it's just not what I expected.For me, it only means I have to spray a little bit longer.
Aside from that, the Misto is very cool and a lot better than sloshing your bottle all over the pan.
I was pretty iffy on this product before I bought it.
How often would it clog? What kind of pressure and pattern would the spray be? Is it quality? Answers: Never so far, with heavy use.
I have used this everyday since getting it and will continue to do so.
I use it to spray a roasted turkey breast becuase turkey dries out easily).It's super easy to use and refill.
The one pet peeve I have is the sprayer clogs easily.
You can unclog it with a safety pin.
that's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.I have owned this since 2005.
I bought 3 (one for my mom, sister and myself).
They work great, don't clog, fairly easy to clean, chemical free and I just bought a few more for additions to holiday gift baskets.
Just got Misto and the thing actually works.
The spray isn't as fine as with a can of Pam but I feel better not polluting the Earth with dozens of empty steel cans.
It's well made and even looks elegant with the stainless steel appearance so I can leave it on my countertop with my spices.
I put regular vegetable oil in it and used it for frying eggs.
I plan to use it for a non-fried baked chicken recipe.
Normally I drizzle oil on breaded chicken and bake it.
I expect it will be better with Misto because I won't have to use as much oil.
This sprayer provides a nice mist for oiling a pan and/or flavoring food.
Read the instructions once before you use it, to find out how to &#34;prime the pump&#34; after filling, and it works great.
Beats a non recyclable can of Pam anytime.
This canister has been amazing ever since I bought it.
I now own three of them and all of them have different oils / uses.
It takes 10 pumps to get the canister to spray for approximately 20 seconds and this is usually more than enough for any cooking uses.
I am happy with this sprayer, but found a less expensive one that works even better.
I gave this 4 stars because I think they are a bit over-priced.
The Trudeau sprays even better at a much lower cost.
I have only had them a couple of weeks, so I will update this post if one out-preforms the other over time.
So far the Trudeau has a better over all spay action.
I have had this for 1 1/2 years and I have had very few problems.
Afterwords run some more hot clear water through it and then spray oil into the sink until it looks like just oil coming out.
In our two chef home, we are picky about both kitchen gadgets and the quality of products we use.
This kitchen gadget was purchased in order to stop using the cheapest and worst tasting oil that goes into the store bought pre-packaged spray oil.
And you choose the oil and refill...which means better tasting oil and less cost.For all that, I love it.
I don't love that sometimes I THINK I've pumped it enough times and too much oil drizzles out.
Just because I watch my oil intake and I don't exactly apply it liberally.
You just press down on the lid.)Uses:I save fat by using on pots and pans and baking dishes rather than buttering.
For example, using a mist of olive oil on a pan to saute veggies or frying an egg, rather than butter gobs.On the grill.
Also perfect for misting veggies prior to throwing them on the grill.
I have had this for three months and it works well.
great for just a light coat of oil and whatever.
I've had no problem with this sprayer, pumping it till it's pumped completely will give you more than a few seconds worth of spray.
I have to push the button down completely for it to spray a spray and not a stream.
In fact, I have to dump the oil and replace now and then, since extra virgin olive oil is not particularly shelf stable.
I'd buy it again - in fact, I'm sending it to my sister-in-law as a gift.
I was really impressed at how well this works.
I followed instructions on how to fill it, and never had any problems.
Cheaper, no chemicals, what's not to love? Um, the sticking.
I even experimented with several types of oil, but had no luck in finding one that was even remotely non-stick.
The problem was primarily with tricky items that tend to stick.
Chicken stuck.In that aspect, I was pretty disappointed, hence the 4 stars.
I bought the Misto Gourmet Olive Oil sprayer to, well, spray olive oil.
I would defiantly recommend it if you are looking for a oil sprayer.
This is my second sprayer, the first one met an untimely death when it fell off the counter and landed on the spray nozzle.
But I could not live without one, so I got a replacement.I fill mine with olive oil.
I use it to spray pans instead of using the prepackaged sprays.
Why add chemicals to my food?I also use it when I am grilling outdoors.
I used it last night to spray down my rotisserie chicken before I seasoned it.
That is a good idea and will help this sprayer live a longer life before clogging.
You have to be pretty picky to not rate this product well.
Probably will get two or three of these so I can have garlic/herb infused spray and red pepper/red chili infused.
I've been wanting one of these for years and finally I was able to buy one.
I love it and it works so well that I was actually kind of surprised.
I love making Bruschetta and Pannini but was tired of the mess of brushing olive oil on the bread.
An aerosol spray can of olive oil cooking spray works great, but I worry about the additives.
(And the taste isn't the best.)  The Misto has been my solution.
I know exactly what I'm spraying and it works great.
For the cost of a couple of cans of cooking spray, you have a sprayer that you can refill and use over and over again.
Then, after use, twist the top to open it a crack and release the pressure.
This prevents clogging, which can be a messy problem.NOTE ABOUT AMAZON PRIME SHIPPING: I've been very impressed with Amazon Prime.
I ordered this product at 5 PM on a Friday, and I received it by noon the next day.
All the non stick pans say do not use Pam or similiar sprays as it will ruin the finish.
No one wants to melt alot of butter or pour olive or canloa oil in the pan and have your omlettes float around.
Of course the pan doesn't have to be non stick to benefit from Misto.
The Misto spray solves this with a fine Mist after a few pumps.
Thanks to another reviewer I  untwist the top after each use and only keep it half full.
Yes sometimes I have to repump it a few times.
Who can't spare a few seconds for the convenience this spray offers.
I'd give this 10 stars if I could.
Exactly like the ones you find in the store.
We use these for our EVO and BV for our salads.
I loved it so much I bought 2 more as gifts.
With the Misto you can use any oil you like (I use light extra-virgin olive oil).
You add pressure by pumping the top and it sprays evenly.
When you then take off the cap it sprays very fine like PAM spray.
You really can't replicate this any other way and the result is probably better for cooking.
Once pumped up you can't fit the cap down again unless you relieve the pressure.
It also hasn't broken but it's very light and I suspect it may have a limited lifespan.
I'm replacing one that I bought 10 years ago.
I used it all the time with no trouble until it finally won't hold its seal.
From toast slices to popcorn to salads, this is a must-have for olive oil lovers.
Realize that you only fill it halfway, since it needs to build pressure in the other half of the vessel from your pumping.
My advice is to strain it through a coffee filter first, otherwise you'll clog this sucker up beyond repair.
Use the whole thing up (or dump the remains) if you have juice in it, it will spoil if you don't.
Infused oils should be strained as well, and used within a few days.If you don't want to take all these precautions, stick to plain oils.
It's really not too hard to manually squeeze a bit of lemon onto your dish.
I use this for my olive oil and grape seed oil mixture for my hair.
I'm going to buy one for my sister because she'll use it for her hair also.
Such a good purchase and the price is good also.
I have had to actually grab it out of my husband's hands.
It works so well and is attractive and easy to use.
I have had two of these oil sprayers and both have lasted well over 2 years and continue working beautifully.
The fact that it's refillable, and therefore eco-friendly, is a definite plus.
And, you have the option to use whatever high quality oil you prefer to use---the choice is yours.
I can't say enough good things about this item.
I was tired of spending money on PAM and such when Mother in-law suggested this little beauty.
We love it!  I will def be buying another one for an alternative cooking oil (seeing as Olive Oil has a low heat tolerance).
Okay, you get a little arm workout when pumping this thing, but once the resistance is there, it sprays oil out like a charm.
It really does the job when you need a light mist of olive oil on vegetables, or need to spray coat a pan for baking.
This item is pretty economical for what it does, it's attractive, and it works.
If you do need to do multiple sprays the pumped air can run out pretty quickly, but that's a small thing.
4 stars for the little sprayer (5, minus 1 for the workout).
I don't use it as much as I thought I would.
Also, the stream isn't as powerful of consistent as I'd like.
I'd reccomend it to anyone who makes a lot of fish and grilled veggies and things of the sort.
I use this constantly to oil pans and casserole dishes and to spray steaks and chicken with olive oil for grilling.
I find that it works best to fill the container only half full of oil.
This way, you can pump in a decent amount of pressure to increase the time before pumping is required again.
Don't need the spray cans of PAM anymore.
I probably have purchased over ten of these.
Not only are these simple to use, saves you money and calories by spraying olive oil but is super helpful.
Great product and a real steal for the price, too!.
When I first got the Misto, I was reluctant to pump it very hard.
I've never had anything like it, but it was recommended by a friend, so I gave it a try.
But, I soon learned that I needed to pump it 15-20 times to built up the pressure at first.
After that, 4-5 pumps is all that is needed to spray enough oil to do the job.
Mostly, I use the Misto to spray olive oil on veggies that I am grilling, or on meat or fish.
It puts out a light spray and adds just the right amount of that delicious olive oil taste.
I have not had ANY of the problems that the other reviewers stated - such as leaking oil on hands or floor.
It works great and sits on my counter next to the stove all the time.
I don't know what I did without it.
I would recommend it to any gourmet or non-gourmet cooks.
Does a great job if you do it exactly like it tells you.
Underfilling makes you have to pump it forever.
Careless handling gets oil all over the place.
This Misto was a bit confusing to figure out at first, but now I use it all of the time.
A great way to save calories for all types of food for the application of olive oil.
I used to have one, but it was stolen buy the ex's friends.
Parts are made in Europe and China, final assembly in China.Opened the Misto and there was a "funky" odor.
Some was industrial solvent used in China to clean and the rest was probably from the Air Pollution.
Then allowed it to dry completely in the dish rack.
The more air the oil is exposed to, the faster oil goes bad...and cause some "floaties" or particles to form in the oil.
Put one label on "front" and one on "back", so you don't have to turn around Misto to see what oil is inside.
The great thing is that P-Touch labels come in clear and various colors.
I had white with black letters and it looks fine to me.
Have to lock it up so they don't use up the label/ribbon.
This works great, put your favorite oil in, pump and spray.
This doesn't produce as fine of mist as Pam spray, but it still produces a nice even coat.
This will clean out the intake tube and prevent the dribbling as the 1 star poster mentioned.
Do this in the sink so you don't make a mess.
I reach for my Misto almost every time I cook.
Pour in the oil, pump it up and spray away, that's it.
It saves money on cooking spray and when it runs out, it takes a few seconds to refill.
I purchased two of these after using one at a friends house and plan to buy more for gifts.
Every time I used a spray olive oil, I felt horribly guilty.
I also wondered how healthy it could be.
It has not clogged like some other reviewers mentioned.
It is also saving me a lot of money, aside from the health and ecological benefits.
This product performs as described and it's a handsome addition to my kitchen counter.
For my use, it holds enough oil so that I need refill it about once every 7-10 days.
The pumping process is simple and easy to do.
It's easy to use this to spray on veggies and encourages me to use olive oil vs.
I use this to lightly coat teflon with olive oil and it really does the job.
It looks good setting on the counter top by the stove.
I own a Misto, and have been using it for some time.
It works wonderfully, and I have not had any problems with it at all.
It produces a good even pure oil spray, and it saves money.
I used to use "olive oil cooking sprays", however those products are expensive, and most are not pure oil.
Oils have boiling points and flashpoints, and the use of impure oil makes cooking like rolling dice.
if you're serious about cooking, use the real deal.
I have not tried this with olive oil, but with canola oil it gives a good mist and doesn't take much pumping.
So far after about a month it still works fine.
There is a tiny bit of a stream in the center of the spray, but it is overall a really good mist and spreads evenly.
I've had mine for 4+ years and it's showing no signs of wear.
Fill it about halfway full, pump it up pretty hard, next I spray a little into my sink to make sure it's misting.
If it isn't pump it up a little more and give it another short spray in the sink and it should work.
It works on everything we need olive oil for and it distributes the product evenly.
The spray goes on evenly and lightly, which is the most important.
This is perfect when you don't want globs of olive oil.I especially like that I no longer purchase the single cans.
This is a great replacement for the can after can of Pam's Olive Oil.
But I'm sure I wouldn't have gotten good results if I hadn't followed the tips shared by other reviewers (including to underfill, etc.).
Thanks!I see they've lowered the price on Amazon now...it used to be over $20.
For me, the price was low enough for me to buy without much thought.
I think I saw it on TV and it seemed like a great idea, so I bought it.
It's been 6 months and I haven't refilled the EVOO.
I use it on my steaks, my eggs, toast, veggies, anything that I am frying.
I have bought them for friends and family, just bought one for my dad the other week.
I'm not sure if this is true, but I'd rather err on the side of caution.
This process gets EVOO on your hands, not much, but it will be slick.
I wish there was a button you could push that would release the pressure in the canister.
They only problem it's not a fine of  a mist of oil for me (for mct oil).
But it is nice looking and worth the money for healthy oil for baking and frying.
I had a MISTO once several years ago, and the original design was flawed, as several other reviewers have pointed out.
However, I recently purchased another one, and the new design is much better.
Just try out different liquid levels - they tell you to only fill it half full, and that's about right.Recommended.
Part of a wedding present, so I don't know how well they worked or in what condition they were received.
I just unscrew it enough to release the pressure that pumping it creates, and store it while it's released.
They usually clog up and then don't spritz right anymore.
I purchased this one and it's been working great for over 6 months now.
I only fill it up half way and I make sure to release all of the pressure after each use.
I like to give it a thorough cleaning every now and then too.
If I had known about this years ago I would have saved me some money and had a better oil.
When your done with it just un twist the cap and let the pressure out and it will last for a long time.
We bought for a wedding shower gift & had dinner with the newly married couple.
We loved this sprayer & bought one ourselves,.
But, all of the people I gave them to, seem to love them!  These are winners.
This cuts down on waste and you don't have to ingest harmful propellants.
If you leave it pressurized, the lid may not sit flush on the container.
I've used it for 10 weeks without a problem and have saved a lot of oil and disposable cans.
Maxx, but free shipping at Amazon saves a drive.
I use my sprayer for olive oil, and really like it.
It works great, and has never clogged up on me at all.
You just pump it up before using, and it sprays just like a regular aerosol can (but without the harmful chemicals/fumes).
I would definitely buy this again, and am considering buying one for each type of oil I use.
This sprayer makes it easy to add just a little bit of oil to pans.
It's easy to distribute a small amount of oil on salads too, so calories can be minimized.
The only drawback, which is slight, is the need to vigorously pump the cylinder prior to every use.
All in all it works just as advertised and we use it daily.
A really cool kitchen tool, handsome, well made and very functional.
If there is one detractor it's that it must be re-pumped if the spray application is extensive.
I don't understand all the troubles with the other folks who purchased this  been almost 6 months and all are working fine.
This is a great item for anyone who uses olive oil (or any oil) to bake or roast in oven or grill.
If you are spraying with Pam or smearing oil on food/dish with hands or brush, get this.
No more mess and no more cooking spray.
This item is superb (I just checked my account, and noted I ordered this five years ago).
It's easy to use, easy to refill, and I'm satisfied with it.
I wish there was one to spray lemon juice...I'll keep looking; along with olive oil, I use lemon juice to flavor my foods.
I have two of them! One for home and one for travel.
You'd be amazed as to how little oil you really need to use.
Gone are the days of pouring "1 to 2 teaspoons" to saute onions for a recipe.
I spray the crackers and there's my snack.
The key is to follow the instructions for use and cleaning.
Don't buy the cheaper plastic versions because you will have to buy two for every one of these!.
I have food allergies, so knowing exactly what is in my food is important.
This works as well as PAM every time you use it, and you can put whatever you want in it.
We have two, one with spiced olive oil for basting and sauteing, and the other with plane olive oil for baking and more delicate work.
This works perfectly for everything.One critique: I do wish it came with some recipe examples of spiced olive oils to put in.
Use your favorite dried spices (the water in fresh spices will sour the oil) and play with the mix.
I received my Misto oil sprayers today! I'm really excited.
As soon as I got they I tried them out.
LOVE LOVE LOVE them!  They are very high quality materials.
I had some trouble figuring out how to use it at first but once I figured that out - much better product than anticipated.
I have used canola oil and butter flavored popcorn oil in it with no problems at all.
I bought one of these at Bed Bath and Beyond and have had it for years.
I use it daily, and would never go back to commercial sprays.
I feel like the people having trouble with this sprayer are not looking at the instructions that came with it.Fill it up HALFWAY.
Get a spray that is comparable to those awful aerosol spray oils that you buy at the store.
This thing is the best appliance, most used little kitchen gadget I've ever bought.
It's perfect for reducing how much oil you use.
When I looked back at the directions, I read that you should only fill it half way, so I did--and walah! It worked perfectly.
In over a year's use, MY MISTO SPRAYERS HAS NEVER CLOGGED, NOT EVEN ONCE.I love you, Misto sprayer.
I bought one of these and absolutely love it.
It sprays evenly and doesn't take much to pump it.
It saves me money, so I can just refill it with oil I have on hand instead of buying another $4 can.
I'm going to buy a second one to put a lighter oil in for baking.
I also like that it's a "green" product.
I can reuse it for a long time, and don't have to worry about throwing away countless cans a year.
BUT it tends to clog and deliver a stream of oil instead of a mist and needs to be cleaned.
This forces water through it and so far, it's done a good job for me.
I also found that it helps to unscrew it just enough to release the pressure before storing.
using olive oil is another reason to release the air.
This is a unique product and is especially significant for a gourmet cook or someone who likes very nice things.
We love our Misto Sprayer because it allows US to decide what we want in it -- whether EVOO, olive oil, etc.
you choose!  It's also saves you money over purchasing prepackaged cans of spray in the long run.
It is okay as long as you use it in short quick sprays.You cannot continuously squeeze it because it will turn into a stream.
As the directions say I only filled it halfway and and pressurized the heck out of it.
Spray a dozen times if that, then pressurize again.
You just have to be patient and not mind the extra work that comes with it.
Yes buying a spray can at the store is much easier, but not as healthy with all the additives.
I have 2 of these -- one I keep at work for my rice cakes (spray them and sprinkle on a little salt -- yum!).
I use it with safflower or olive oil to spray on popcorn and for spraying cake pans before flouring the bottom.
It works great and is much better for you than Pam or other sprays.
We got this as my wife had heard about it and just had to have one.
She thinks it is one of the best kitchen aids she has.
It makes food taste better and it is healthier as you minimize your olive oil use and reduce calories.
The first one stopped working after many years of work.
I bought my wife a second one for Christmas.
Upon reading instructions it said to wash every 2 months (I believe), something we never did.
After washing old one we now have 2 perfectly functioning Misto's! It coats a pan with a fine spray thus using less oil.
I use this everyday instead of the old aerosol can.
You can make your own mixture of oil.
Just be careful not to pump it too hard, you can't order the internal plastic tube if you break it.
After reading some poor reviews of the Misto Sprayer, I had to add my opinion/s.
My first Misto lasted about 3 to 4 years before the seal or collar wore out.
I just replaced it with another; and that, too, is fine.I did not have any of the problems other reviewers had.
But I would rather pump and mist on some oil than feed my children food laced with propellants.Maintenance is easy.
It should be thoroughly washed before its initial use.
Thereafter, it does not have to be cleaned often, as it contains only oil (which has a long shelf life).
I ordered one of these for myself a few years ago.
Due to how well it works I am now buying one as a gift.
I like the fact that it does not use the propellents and chemicals that normal cooking sprays use.
I just got this to replace my can of pam.
Who knows what type of oil is in that can? I can use whatever type oil I want.
I prefer to use the healthy extra virgin olive oil.
I used this to spray on my grill, on my skillet, and will use it when greasing other dishes.
I think this is a very environmentally friendly and healthy option compared to conventional products.
I can not testify to the life of the product since I only have had it for a week.
Just pump it up when needed and the spray is nice and fine.
Use in place of the fake stuff (pam) whenever possible.
Great to stir fry or when just a small amount of Olive oil is needed.
Can also use to coat a salad when not wanting to pour it on.
I have had this item for months now.
I don't bother to "release" the pressure (discussed in the instructions for it) and I do only fill part ways.
the oil has a tendency to get "randy".
that is to have a slightly "off" taste.
if you don't use it fairly quickly ...this is not a problem with the sprayer.
just that oils "oxidize" in the open air.
they suggest you wash them every 3 months or so, so this works out nicely.
The other reason to fill partway is that the air provides the "engine".
more air, longer sprays with one pumpup..I bought two, one for olive oil and one for "salad oil" (whatever vegetable oil you like).
I thought it would be more of a stream, but it is atomized pretty evenly over the area.
This is due to the aluminum which is QUITE SOFT.
They offer a STAINLESS STEEL versionMisto Stainless Steel Olive Oil Sprayerof this same pump which may be considerably stiffer, but it is about double price.
it is just too light and is slightly top-heavy.
the slightest tap (or if you don't set it squarely on it's base) and it topples over.
occasional cleaning is the only maintenance required)(edit 6/4/12): It has developed a slow leak through the nozel.
it works fine after pumping, but if I set it down for a few minutes, it will have to be pumped again.
not a major issue, but thought I'd mention it.
If I listen at the nozel I can hear the leak.
6/20/12: A thorough, hot, soapy cleaning corrected this problem.
One test for EVOO is that if you put it in your refrigerator real EVOO will congeal into a thick gelatin.
I can't tell you how awesome this is.
I use it to spray the right amount of olive oil on my paninis which is really impossible to do without something like that.
Dipping the bread in oil is way too much.
Also really great to use on pans instead of store bought aerosols.
When the mist started turning more to a stream, i followed the directions (either in the other reviews or elsewhere.
My last mister was glass so i could see the oil level, but i don't miss that transparency as much as i thought i would.
Got these for our wedding and we only registered for one.
After your pressure is gone it comes out in a small weak steady stream.Get 2, one for olive oil and another for regular canola/veggie oil.
We just wrote a large V on the canola oil and now we can use either instead of buying Pam.
I've been using a regular spray bottle for olive oil for years.
What was I thinking? I need to get another one for balsamic vinegar.
Have had no problem with its misting so far.
I will never buy canned oil spray again.
Just remember to follow the directions when filling; it's only supposed to be filled half way!.
You do have to pump quit often but its not a big deal.
I love this sprayer, because it is not full of chemicals like Pam.
We use it when we have pizza night outside.
we cook pizzas on the grill with our friends.
It is very handy to spray the dough with.
Love this little spritzer!  I've been using this Misto to spray olive oil in my stainless steel pans.
I haven't had an issue using it yet.
At some point I may order more as i can see lots of uses for this.
Sprays evenly without hesitating, much better than Pam spray.
We were tired of spending money on the sprayers you can purchase in the grocery store.
The Misto delivers on all accounts, and I'm finding myself using it often to lightly oil pans for saut&eacute;ing vegetables and the like.
If I could change anything, it would be that I didn't find other colors on Amazon.
Theymake them with different color "stripes" in the middle.
The one we got was black, which is fine.No complaints so far.
When mine became clogged and I asked him why, he said "you know men don't read directions."The red sprayer is gorgeous.
I'll never go back to those store bought sprays again.
I'm back on soy, but won't be going back to those sprays.
So it costs about $5 for a aerosol can at many stores.
Not sure how long this guy last quite yet.
I obviously dont get 1oz of oil in a aerosol can.It does however need to be pumped often.
Which is easy and does not require you to open up the bottle or anything.
I use less oil then if I were to just pour a little in the pan.
I bought one for myself and one for my best friend.
If your recipes call for olive oil brushed on, ue this instead and waste less but still get great taste.
Nice looking, it can stay out on counter if you choose.
Supplies just a spray of olive oil, which we can not do when we try to drizzle iolive oil on anything.
It doesn't cover as well or evenly as store-bought cans of spray.
But, it does a decent job and it is a spray.
It isn't bad to load and does fair on the coverage.
It is just what I was looking for! I tried plant misters but they just are not made for spraying oil.
I put popcorn oil in it to spray on air popped popcorn so the salt will stick.
I also spray pans and grills and bread!.
I enjoy using one of these for many different oil flavors, they work great and you can totally avoid buying things like &#34;PAM&#34;.
Also, the directions say to only fill the bottle 1/3 of the way and 1/3 cup of oil seems to be about that.
I would definitely recommend this product to anyone, although you can find them cheaper elsewhere.
I still twist the cap to release the pressure after every use.
Just a spritz is enough to get eggplant or squash to tender up nicely.
I learned early on that washing in hot, soapy water does not do the trick.
I was super excited to get this and start using it.
I had a small issue with it at first (my fault).
When I washed it before use the little black rubber seal came off and I did not catch it.
Also it has no propellants but still good spray pressure.
So far no clogging but I have only had this a short time.
I will update this review if I run into any issue.
I've had mine for about 3 months now and it has held up fine.
People were using it to spray their lettuce on their sandwiches in droves.
It was kinda funny watching people watch other people trying to figure out what to do with it.
Takes a lot of pumping for a little bit of spraying.
I haven't found anything else, so for me, this is a much better option than the spray cans at the market.
I like putting my own oil in it.
I like having the control of the ingredients.
It's good to hot rinse it after each refill, to keep the mechanisms clear from clogs.
Fits in hand nicely and looks cute out on the counter.
I have been wanting one of these for a while, but was hesitant to make the purchase.
Now that I bought it, I am so glad that I did! It is easy to clean, easy to fill and easy to use.
If you frequently use olive oil, you need to buy this product!.
one for vegetable oil and one for olive oil.
No added chemicals or alcohol which can harm your non-stick cookware.
I have been using this spry bottle for 3 months now and so far its good.
I put my olive oil in pump and spray.
I didn't find it to be messy and when pump enough with built up pressure it sprays great.
Works great, especially with olive oil, but there are a couple of tricks to getting the most out of it.
Second, if you twist the top after each use to release the pressure you can avoid clogging problems.
My first one lasted only a year or so because I had not learned that 'releasing the pressure' trick and the nozzle got irreparably clogged.
Even hot soapy water didn't fix the problem.
A chef friend of mine told me how to avoid the trouble.
Since then, the replacement has been going strong for over two years now.
So easy and much more economical than buying canned cooking sprays easy to clean! Arrived fast!.
It very very lightly mists the olive oil- exactly what I wanted.
It is much larger than I expected, but that only because I didn't read the product dimensions.
I really, really loved this product because it allowed me to use my olive oil as a spray (for coating pans, etc.) without chemical propellants.
I bought it Sept 2011 and it bit the dust yesterday, Oct 2012.
I am sad it broke but I will buy another one.
The spray is not AS fine as Pam but I am happy with the results nonetheless.
After three years my old Misto finally died on me (probably because I never really cleaned it properly).
In love with my new one! Use this for every aspect of my cooking and baking.
It also helps not to put too much oil in it at one time.
I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is trying to cook more naturally and avoid canned oils m.
Wow!  This saves so much in using too much oil on your foods.
that I roast in the oven and it covers nicely without adding too much oil and calories to your foods.
I searched around on Amazon for a Olive Oil sprayer and decided on this one.
The price was right and I liked the design.
I have not had any issues with it clogging up or anything.
I didn't fill it completely, maybe 3/4 of the way up.
I love that I now have control over how much oil I'm using.
It's so much healthier this way!  It works great over my air popped pop corn, too!.
This item is a great way to save on calories.It works great.
Pump it about 10 times and your readyto spray away.
Only thing is you have to pump quiteoften as it does not mist for very long.
Tired of tooth brushing, not any more - a quick Gourmet Misto misting gives your dentures a slick finish with added nutritional side-benefits.
Underarm perspiration can be quickly camouflaged, any armpit marks on any manner of shirt can be easily treated with a biological washing powder.
Alternatively these stains can not so much be left as embraced.
The oily residue can become a confident lifestyle statement which will mark you out from the crowd.
THIS LIL DEVICE HAS CUT BACK MY OIL CONSUMPTION IN COOKING YET PROVIDING A LOVELY TASTE TO MY DISHES.
Keep my garlic infused olive oil in this mister - healthier, decreased expense and looks sharp in kitchen.
Great coating to sear meat and especially roasting vegetables in oven.
Buying for my 3 sisters as a Christmas gift.
Update 9/2011:  This is great to give as a housewarming gift (add a sm bottle of infused olive oil or give as is).
This has worked out so well in my kitchen, I now want one for other oils (blood red, black tuffles, chili, lime, basil, etc).
Recommend highly! Remember to pump until stiff to spray and after use let the air out of the container.
We were looking to a healthy alternative to the commercial cooking sprays.
It works as described and is exactly what we were looking for.
I have two of them and they work pretty well.
My husband purchased one for me as stocking stuffer, because he knows I like to use olive oil.
I didn't use it much until I got a set of Caphalon Tri-ply Stainless Steel pots and pans.
I could no longer use Pam or any other spray oil, because of the propellant used in them.
Long story short, I started using the one I had more and more.
I decided to purchase another for canola oil, as that is better for higher heat.
I highly recommend this to anyone who cannot use store bought spray oils on their pots and pans.
I have been using this product for over a year now, and it is just great.
Instead of purchasing the unhealthy sprays or using too much oil, this sprayer works perfect.
I use this it grease pans and in baking.
Instead of deep frying foods I just bake them (like fresh cut french fries) and lightly spray them using this misto with olive oil.
I also use it for pumpkin seeds and all sorts of different baked items.
Before I purchased this I always put too much oil on and it didn't spread as evenly as this sprayer.
My wife and I cook a lot and I don&#8217;t like using artificial spray cans.
They tend to be rough on good pots/pans and honestly just feel a bit better about using fresh Olive Oil.
It works like a charm and you really get a very similar product.
I've had one of these for about 10 years.
The Misto sprays just enough oil so the pepper and yeast "stick".
This was just what I was looking for.
But I still have to buy the store bought aerosol to get a consistent micro spay of oil.
Nevertheless, this one is good for dispensing a small amount of oil in a larger pattern.
I am not the recipient of this product, however , my daughter did order it through me.
She also wanted me to convey that kudos to your company and employees for a job well done.
In addition, she indicated that she will be ordering from your company in the future.
lathering on butter!I will probably buy more of these for gifts..I wouldn't want to EVER not have one of these on my stove again!!!.
This sprayer is greatly recommendedfor those wishing to save money instead ofbuying spray.
It is easy to fill up but mustbe pumped well.
It is aesthetically pleasingfor the table if one wished to use it to sprayon salad or other uses.
I was quickly blown away with the results, as it sprays just like pam, but with the freedom of using any oil you like.
It works much better than expected and I HIGHLY recommend it for anyone.
Never will I buy an Aersol Oil Sprayer again.
This product is great if you follow the instructions.
you get fresh oil anytime you want and cheaper than using Pam spray.
Add the oil, pump up the top and spray.
I love knowing that I am helping my health as well as the environment.
The video on the Amazon site was very helpful and actually persuaded me to buy the sprayer.
I bought this after my first mister (not this model) exploded because I over pumped it and it I could put it together again.
I have had it a while now and it works great.
I think I might try lemon juice in there for some fun.
I'm buying a replacement for the one I purchased 4 years ago at Target.
The one I have has finally dry rotted its o-ring seal.
My mother-in-law said she had an older version that never worked well but this one has been great.
This works as well as I imagined and only requires a couple pumps of the top to get a strong, even spray.
It means I can use less oil to prepare a pan and that it is contaminant-free!.
You do have to not overfill the oil in it, but it's clear that you need an airspace over the oil to pressurize it anyhow.
Had a different model olive oil sprayer before that came apart after four or five years.
Remember that the actual functioning bits of these are fairly soft plastics, the metal is decorative.
So far, I have only used it for olive oil and it works as described.
Pure oil is just better overall and I know the quality of the oil used.
I use this everyday instead of cooking spray.
Cooking spray damages your pots and pans and really isn't good for you.
Using oils is a much better option both health and wear on your cooking pans wise.
I bought 3 of these as gifts and everyone likes them a lot.
Fill it halfway, release the pressure after use, don't use oils with bits in it and this thing will last for 3+ years.
I find I use less oil and still get a solid coverage for my cooking.
Easy to fill, easy to use and easy to clean.
I decided to get this several months ago even though some of the reviews were not real good.
Well it has been a great little sprayer for olive oil for me.
My son has a soy intolerance, and that crap is in everything, including cooking spray.
I found these handy items and we use them for olive oil to spray our pans with for cooking his food.
The sprayer works great every time and is easy to clean and fill.
No more soy and this is a healthier option anyway.
I love this spritzer and plan to buy one for canola oil, saving this one for olive oil.
Now I have olive oil flavor without too many unnecessary calories.
I just wanted to add one small note to what others have said.
My Misto started streaming instead of misting one day and all I had to do was pump it up a little more.
I don't know if that will always solve the problem, but it worked for me.
Also, when I was pumping it up I noticed it was getting low on oil, so I added a bit.
Not too much though! The instructions say to put about 2 oz in there.
That's not much, but you'd be surprised how long it lasts when you don't have an oil slick on your salads anymore.
Anyway, I liked it so much I bought a second one.
Not sure if I'll put canola or sesame oil in it.
I use this sprayer extensively for spraying canola oil.
You have to follow the instructions strictly on how much to fill and how much to pump.
I have had no problems whatsoever &amp; recommend it highly.
Use warm water and a lot of dish soap.
Have refilled more than 6xs already and works perfectly.
I love this thing! I put olive oil in it and pumped away.
Just don't pump it up too much or you won't be able to get the lid back on!.
One of the problems with air popped popcorn is that the popcorn is dry, and the salt does not stick.
But when you pop corn in oil, you are forced to use a lot of oil.
Commercial microwave popcorn has a lot of oil.So now I have a routine.
I put the popcorn in the air popper and start it heating, then I pump my misto.
I spray it on as it comes out, layer by layer, spray, layer, spray.
For a half cup of popcorn, it adds two teaspoons of oil, my guess, and that is maybe 70 calories.
I have sprayed a lot during the popping process and never run out of pressure.
You might be familiar with "Pams", you spray it on the pan to prevent food from sticking to it.
It is the same concept, except you don't have to throw away the cans.
We used to fry a lot but now we are trying to cook more often by using our grill.
If you pour oil it will only collect into globs because of the Teflon.
This will lengthen the life of the mister supposedly.
When I do that, some of the oil sprays out right where I release the air.
It goes to my hand the next time I use it so I grab a paper towel to clean it up.
Anyway, I think it still much better than the commercial alternative.
I use other oils in it other than olive oil.
I had something similar to it years ago and I even like that one.
i use a lot of olive oil and this was perfect.
he does healthy cooking demos and this was perfect for his take a long chefs kit.
Received as a gift - hundreds of uses since spraying only olive oil - works great but does clog on occasion.
Just as stated in other reviews, easy to use and I can use my own olive oil.
Easy to use.The fine spray is perfect to coat a pan or to spray food for browning.
i do not know why I did not purchase this sooner.
I bought this about 2 months ago and really like it.
It does take some getting used too, but after a few days of use it works great.
I bought 2, one for olive oil and one for canola oil.
I just wish it had come with labels so that I could remember which is which.
This is one of my most used kitchen gear items.
I USE THIS FILLED WITH ALCOHOL TO CLEAN MY SOAP MOLDS.
IT IS SO WELL BUILT AND PERFECT FOR MY NEEDS.ALWAYS BUY THIS ONE.
It really does make a difference to be spraying just a little oil while cooking, rather than pouring it straight from the bottle.
Misto Brushed Aluminum Olive Oil Sprayer  Great way to control the amount of oil being used.
An instant aerosol sprayer with just a few pumps.
Coats evenly allowing just enough oil to be used.
I bought this sprayer to have olive oil applied evenly to crostini and roasted veggies.
I hate having most of the olive oil end up at the bottom of the pan.
I bought one and I liked it so I bought one more for my mom!  So far I haven't had any problems.
I've had this product for over 2 months now.
Kane's review and I will do his suggestion to release the pressure before putting it away.
Hope this thing would last a long time!By the way, if there's a Marshall's in your area, check it out.
I am still giving it four, though, because I love it.
It looks nice on my counter top, and I use it on everything.
It puts out just the right amount of spray without ending up with too much.
You just have to keep spritzing until it is the right amount.
Much healthier than most bagged popcorn, and tastes great.
Hint use Extra Virgin Olive Oil (healthier for you than "non - virgin").
I also use it on all my veggies, and it gets rid of the nasty slimy mess you have from too much oil.
So, while it isn't perfect, I give it a huge thumbs up.
I got one for me, one for a friend.
I have used mine for things such as making eggplant parmesan in the oven, grilling onions in a pan, etc.
The best thing is that I use a lot less oil and I get it on the places I want to.
Still haven't had to wash it, I assume that will be a little tedious to get off the oil.
Useful for spreading olive oil thin over a cooking pan or seasoning something like toast bread.
Can mix with red wine vinegar and spray as dressing on your salad.
Seems sturdy enough to keep pressurized over time.
To my surprise, the spray emits a good even coating.
The more pressure you pump the more finer the spray particles.
One contribution that I can add the existing 800 reviews is that the Misto can be used for more than olive oil.
For example, if you need to spray lemon juice juice on certain foods before baking, the Misto is a great tool.
Yet the mist created tends to float where it is not wanted, such as onto countertops.
Some additional control over the direction of atomized olive oil would be  appreciated.
Misto might consider a plastic pipe that attaches to the nozzle as is often the case with industrial oil spray cans.
I know I save a lot of money on those nonstick sprays.
With this I know I am using olive oil only with no other additives in it.
I bought one of these for a gift.
My foodie friends are always coveting my Misto! I have two, one that I keep olive oil in and one that holds some balsamic.
I haven't bought a can of Pam since this thing hit my doorstep.
I leave it on the counter near the stove and it is not an eye sore.
I bought this sprayer to make it easier to add a sheen of olive oil to my kale chips and sweet potato fries.
It is very easy to use and doesn't clog up.
i don't use this daily, but i do use it several times a week and i have had this misto for nearly a year now.
i love it, and have never once had any of the troubles with clogging as some of the other reviewers state.
i have not experimented with using other oils in this, only olive oil.
It is great for spraying pans, oiling vegetables before roasting, or for bread for baking.
Top will not stay firmly down after you've pumped it but doesn't impede performance.
It works very well and is much more healthy than the chemical can alternatives.
I haven't had any problems as mentioned in some reviews.
This is a new way to get away from can spray that has propellant.
Hope you try this item out! It's a healthy way to spray your baking pans.
Also can be used to spray salads, chicken & many other items.
As I write this I am craving it but it's way to late to eat anything.
So good for you too.Seriously want some right now.
I love this oil sprayer cause you can add any oils you want and even add flavor to it if you like.
You can add red hot chillies or put in garlic to give the oils flavors.
Its really an awesome product and its worth the price.
This simple product does what it claims to do easily and effectively.
Using it for olive oil with no problems.
A few pumps and the mister is ready.
I have been using it with a high end extra virgin olive oil with crushed garlic to finish off dishes.
I like the idea it does not release any type of compressed gas into the air.
Tried using the first one and was confused why it wouldnt work.
also the clear plastic pump part comes off sometimes.
I think i'll super glue that to the cap.
Save a lot of money on your oils.
Great for if youre on a diet or even for some non stick cookware says you cant use pam and such this is perfect.
You just pump air into the bottle with the lid.
A perfect way to mist your favorite oil rather than using disposable products like Pam or other cooking sprays.
You pump the top, about 5x, before every use to inject air into bottle for pressure.
A great stylish, healthy, and eco friendly product.
This is a great version of a old favorite of mine.
So I set off to look up my options, I always hit Amazon first, and they usually come through for me with shining colors.
NO more!  This product allows me to use my favorite oils as a spray.
I have had no clogging issues and nothing but success with this purchase.
I wish I would have bought it sooner!.
Bought this to replace using a pastry brush everytime I want olive oil on dough, crusts, salads, etc.
Very pleased, with the exception of it has a tendency to drip from spray nozel after last spray use.
Make sure to wipe it off before storing away.
A friend of mine had this bottle, and when I first saw her use it, I was intrigued.
The idea that this is just pure olive oil (or canola or whatever oil you like) and delivers a fine mist was perfect.Performance-wise, it's great.
Pour in a bit of oil, give a good amount of pumps (I average 6-8), point and spray.
When done, I loosen the cap and release the pressure so as to prevent leaking.
In fact, that's the only reason I deducted one star.
I understand and do see most of the reviewer complaints, but it's as simple as following the devices guidelines.
The Misto is another great way to go green and save green.
It seems all oil sprayers have a limited life.
After so much use it will need to be replaced.
How long do Mistos last? It depends on how often you use the product.
I love the Misto and it is worth it to me to replace it every 2-3 years.
I gave it four stars because you need to replace it every 2-3 years.
Note the spray will not be as fine or as even as can of oil you buy from the market.
However, to me having fresh oil of my own choice is worth the larger sized droplets of oil.
Even with replacing it every 2-3 years the Misto is a big savings over supermarket canned spray oils.
This sprayer works great but we are using grapeseed oil, not olive oil.
We do loosen the cap a little to let pressure off after each use as suggested in some other reviews.
There is a heft to the metal construction that makes it seem high quality.
I've used it many times now and the pump action works every time.
Had been looking for something cost effective to spray olive oil with and this did the trick.
For those looking to have something they can refill with their favorite brand of olive oil, this item is reliable and cost effective.
I love my Misto but the top came detached from the plastic tube that is used to help build up pressure.
This makes pumping difficult but it still sprays.
Amongst other things, I use it to lightly coat popcorn and season with a spice blend for a healthy snack.
I put just pure olive oil in mine.
I use it with olive oil and it gives a real mist.
Works well with half or less container filled.
It's great to eliminate cooking sprays from my kitchen and replace them with Misto.
I'm always finding new uses for it.I highly recommend this product to anyone currently using cooking spray.
Once you have a Misto, you'll never go back!.
I love this Misto Sprayer! It's everything I wanted.
I can't stand the taste, other spray products leave in home baked foods, and this takes all of that away with no problems at all.
It works wonderful, and using oils of my choice, is like heaven.
It has changed all of my baking and cooking, from top to bottom.
Gone are the days of oiling with my hands, to have good tasting food again.
So much healthier to add your own oil.
Use this every time I cook and have had no issues with it.
I use it to spray the olive oil on the salads.
I'll have to buy a couple more for vinegar.
Just make sure you release the pressure after each use to prevent from clogging.
I'm following the advise of one reviewer, I release the pressure after use and only filled it 1/2 full.
I feel good about not using a propellant for cooking.
Not to mention the waste of the cooking spay cans.
I do recyle but it takes a lot of energy and I'm never really sure how much is actually recyled.
Anyway you will not be disappointed with this product.
Pump 15 times and then spray for 15 seconds.
To rinse, repeat sequence above with fresh hot water.
It is recommended you clean your MISTO every 6-8 weeks." There you have it.
We bought this to concerve on the amount of high-heat cooking oils we use.
So far it has work flawlessly for olive, grape seed, canola, and those types of cooking oils.
Just make sure to pump it up all the way or else the sprayed droplets are kind of large.
You pump it up and it sprays a VERY FINE mist of olive oil.
You never use more than you really need.
I purchased one of these sprayers because my dad has one and loves it.
This may be a user error, but I can't figure out what I might be doing wrong.
Either way, I'm still glad to have this gadget as part of my kitchen.
It does a good job spraying EVOO for when you just want a light layer of oil in your pan, food, whatever.
Use it on and with everything! No chemicals! Just pure olive oil! The pumping is SO easy and really works!!! I would buy this again!.
It doesn't spray a good layer of oil, so you have to go over areas, depending on what you're using it for.
Pain to clean all the internal parts, but since it doesn't have to be done very often, it's not a big deal.
I have had might for almost two years now.
I have not had the problem with parts falling off and the unit not working.
I have found mine to be reliable and to work very well.
One thing I did find was a maintence issue.
At times the mister becomes gummy with oil.
So you need to take everything apart soak in hot water and remove some of the buildup.
Other than this, I find this to work very well.
I give this a 4 for having to take the mister a part and having to clean it out.
I've had a Misto for several years, and use it 3-5 times a week.
The other half of the space is essential for holding the compressed air which powers the spray.> Remember to hold it upright.
You've gotta have good air pressure to get a good spray.> Clean it.
I've found that about once a year, a lot of gunk accumulates in my Misto.
Black gunk accumulates in the piston and cylinder, and probably causes the pressure to leak away between uses.
The black gunk is easily cleaned with tooth picks, cotton swabs and paper towels.
However the main cause of a poor spray is clogging of the intake filter with an almost invisible fine mat of "threads".
Thorough rubbing with a paper towel can clean the filter.
For example one for peanut oil for spraying frying pans or grills, and one for olive oil for salads and cooked vegetables.
Similarly, lemon juice or other juices should be filtered (you can use a coffee filter) before put into a mister.
I still love it!  There are guidelines to using it, though.
You never fill it more than half full.
Also ALWAYS make sure to de-pressurize it after you're done with it (simply untighten the lid to release pressure the screw back in place).
If you don't do so, it can cause problems.
I only this past week, for the first time, neglected to do so and left it sitting on the counter for about 20 minutes.
When I went to use it again, it would not mist!  The oil came out in a stream.
Panic attack!  I first tried filling it with hot water and a little soap.
It misted fine, but when I emptied it and replace it with oil, it still sprayed in a stream.
So, I found a recipe for a natural degreaser and tried it.
THIS IS WHAT WORKED:  I filled the can halfway with equal parts white vinegar and ammonia.
I pumped and sprayed, pumped and sprayed until it was completely empty.
We had our first Misto sprayer for a couple of years before it stopped working.
We recycled it and bought another from Amazon.
The one we purchased arrived but did not work.
Amazon, of course, remedied the problem right away and sent a replacement which worked fine.
This tiny little missing piece kept the whole thing from working.
Check yours for the plastic ring before you put oil in it!.
This is a great tool that I use every time I cook.
It's sleek looking and a great addition to the kitchen.
I was unsure about ordering this but now I can't do without it.
No fluorocarbons and I know EXACTLY what oil I'm using for my family.
Pumping is easy and the resulting spray coverage is good.
This is great for misting salads, misting pans, misting olive oil on the back of my husband's head.
;-)  A great stress reliever!My son loved my mister, so I bought the same one for him.
It was easy to use, from the start.
I pump five times, and it mists like Avalon.
It is small and doesn't last long before needing to refill and you have to pump it often for it to spray a nice mist.
We've never had any clogging or any of the other problems some have mentioned.
I also use this sprayer when just a touch of oil is needed in a pan or on a salad.
It has worked great for us and I highly recommend it.
This is better than using Pam and other sprays.
When I make waffles or use other non stick surface, I spray it with canola oil.
On the waffle irons, and other non stick machines like making sandwhiches, etc., the clean up is easy.
You don't get that nasty brown and black stuff left over from the heat that you get with Pam.
Clean up is so simple because the heating surfaces actually stays clean.
Only a damp cloth is needed to clean up your machine just like on tv.
I got me a second one for my BBQ pit outside.
I must say that I had my doubts about this product, but it was cheap and sounded appealing, so I bought it.
It works great and I have found that we use it often.
I like the fact that it is filled with our olive oil and saves on the amount we use.
We make home made pizza and its great for oiling the pans.
We also use it for many of the things we would have normally poured oil onto or brushed with oil.
When I first started using it, it wouldn't pump up like it should.
I think maybe I didn't press it enough times.
I have had this product for about 8 years.
I liked it so much I purchased a bunch of them for my relatives for X-mas one year.
We've used ours continuously in the last 8 years and still going.
However, my sister said hers does not work and sprays a stream.
I pump it 10 times before each use, when you cannot push down on the top anymore is when you should stop.
I also use it on bread pans, rectangular and bundt; and cookie sheets.
I use it everytime I make a bundt cake and have had great luck so far.
Sometimes I do so many loaves that the unit runs out of air and I get a stream of oil coming out.
Then I have to repump it to get it to spray again.
Do not store it full of air as it may cause clogging.
I am purchasing another one for a friend for X-mas.
I use peanut oil and it works well so I don't see them dwelling so much on olive oil.
At least I know what I'm now spraying onto my foods and cooking surfaces so that's a real plus.
There is a lot of plastic in this unit but it seems sturdy enough.
We were trying to use a regular spray bottle, but it wasn't working out.
Last time my wife had something like this was years ago.
This one is constructed much better and I believe will last a lot longer.Operation is simple and smooth.
It is a month in and I have a pretty good idea of what this product is quality on a short term basis.
If the product breaks I will update this as such events become present.
As of right now the product does what it claims to do, but is n such a perfect way I would like.
Sometimes it will switch between one type to the other which is kinda annoying when making something like oven fried chicken.
The idea with these is to help cut down on oil and getting the most out of the least.
I use this almost every night so I have had plenty of trial and error.
I just still can't seem to figure out what makes the difference when it isn't right.
Of course the bottle it self seems fairly tough.
Tough enough I have a feeling it should last awhile.
The lid does sit firm in its spot when stored so I don't see it falling off and breaking when not in use.
I know the 14 year old me would have made my mother replace this at least once.
Even with the best intentions I always seemed to break or lose key parts on items at that age.
The pump on the bottle itself would make me feel more comfortable about it.
I bought this product early dec 2012 and if this product has not received a broken update you can assume it is still going strong.
These are, for my mind, much more responsible than buying cans of aerosol oil in the store.
They also provide the distinct flexibility of choosing and changing what you spray.
We run very active food blogs plural, so kitchen toys get a genuine workout in our house.
These will last a year or maybe two with hard daily use, but for the price, they're well worth it.
A good charge will last you a nights cooking, and that aughta be good enough.
I am sure there are lots of other uses.
They work well and save money and keep a few spray cans out of the land fill.
This works perfect and helps me to control the amount of oil used on roasted veggies.
Just fill half way with your choice of olive oil pump a few times and you are good to go.
I love my Misto sprayer! I know that not everyone does, but I am grateful to those who reviewed this product before I got mine.
Some advise that you let off the pressure after each and every use.
I intend to do that and hopefully, this will last a while.
What I love is that I can spray good, quality olive oil without the propellants and additives in commercial olive oil sprays.
This does not spray with the same force as those, but who cares? This is a LOT healthier.
It looks so classy sitting on my counter next to my stove!.
Therefore I was looking for something that I can safely spray onto the pan, and this is perfect.
It creates a more even coating and you ust need to spritz a little on.
I have no problems with the pump action and the little I need is enough with just a few pumps.
I am just piling on with all of the other favorable reviews for this product, but it really is great.
No more propellant guilt for using Olive Oil Pam! :)  And no more grilled vegetables with too much oil.
This lets you deliver a fine spray (very fine--I was surprised!) just where you want it.
One for olive oil and one for regular vegetable oil.
After my first couple of months use I found that I got a stream rather than a spray.
I suspected oil buildup and I was right.
Cleaning the MISTO on the inside fixes the misting problem.
Plus it can be pulled apart so that you can clean the four basic parts separately.
To clean the inside run alcohol through the unit.
Make sure to use food grade alcohol.Tip: #2 Mix oil and alcohol 50/50 to keep your unit misting.
This is the second one I've owned though.
The first died after a couple years, but decided to get another and chance it would last longer.
It's handy to be able to spray olive oil when you need or want to do it.
and the longer the Misto keeps working, the cheaper it is than buying disposable sprays.
When I noticed an oil mister in another store's weekly ad, I came to Amazon.com to compare prices and check the ratings.
After reading the ratings, and noticing that Amazon had the best price, I purchased it from Amazon.
I have never regretted this purchase.I followed the instructions that came with this mister to clean it and fill it with oil.
You have to pump it several times before you mist oil with it.
I'd been using the canned oil products for years, thinking that I was eating healthier.
A friend gave me this Misto as a gift about 7 years ago, and I've never bought another can of PAM since.
It doesn't take much touch to feel when it's ready to go.
I'm thinking I might buy a couple more for vinegar and such.
I've been using Misto sprayers for five years now and would not use anything else for cooking.
Also, I have primarily used this with olive oil and sesame oil.
I've opened hundreds of wine bottles with my rabbit and it works just fine every time.
I bought this one for friends and they just love it !!.
We had a similar product from a large wholesaler that lasted for several years but finally broke.
We replaced it with this and are very pleased.
It's really simple to use and opens bottles easily.
The grip is easy on your hands too.Recommended.
Perfect for those who struggle with waiter corkscrews.
Have to be careful not to bend the worm.
Five star if they'd make a stronger worm.
We bottle our own wine and already own a regular corkscrew (cumbersome) and a CO2 Decorker(great but expensive to maintain).
If you don't like "screwing-up the cork" by using the old fashioned corkscrew, this is for you.
Not only does it take the cork out with little effort, but dispenses the cork also.
Yes it is expensive, but well worth it if you entertain.
Guests love using it, and it is a bit of a novelty.
Only problem I have is that it will not alsways "uncork" itstelf w/ narrow corks.
Once you get this, you'll fight about who gets to open the bottle of wine.
It's much much easier to use, but at 4 times the cost.
the foil cutter is awesome - and maybe you should just buy one of those for 2 bucks.
This is an unnecessary item, but extremely fun and easy to use.
These corks are nasty critters that have been known to embarrass even experienced wine waiters.
It's also good if you don't have the strongest hand grip in the world, too.
(This much) for a corkscrew? They've got to be crazy, right? Actually, this thing works very, very well and is super cool looking.
If you've got money to burn, it's probably worth it.
If not, there are plenty of cheaper fancy corkscrews on the market.
As a rule of thumb, never spend more on a corkscrew than what you spend on an your average bottle of wine.
This young lady just ,over into her first apartment.
She enjoys wine and only had an old opener.
If this wine opener lasts for as long as it guaranteed for, then I can never be disappointed.
The Rabbit is the best of the batch.
No longer is great skill or Herculean strength required in order to enjoy a good bottle of wine.
Since the Rabbit works with all types of bottles, you always be ready.
I purchased the Metrokane Rabbit nearly two years ago (for $80), and it has worked almost flawlessly ever since.
Keep a regular corkscrew handy for those bottles.
Also, dinner guests will love to watch/help/comment on your use of the Rabbit, and at Amazon's current price you can't go wrong.
I could *not* believe my eyes the first time I saw someone use a Rabbit.
I've shredded SO many corks and even broken bottles trying to get corks out.
I've tried so many different kinds of corkscrews (and the two-pronged non-screw-type cork-pullers), and I've been all kinds of frustrated.
I'm a big and strong guy, and I've still been frustrated at how hard some corkscrews are to use.Enter the Rabbit.
I love this! No more broken corks, or bits of cork in your wine.
The vacation cabin we rented recently had one of these in the kitchen.
Loved it! Of course the version the local wineries carried cost $100+ - that's too much.
This is a great price and we don't need all the other pieces that come with the higher priced package.
The surface is 'rubberized' so it won't slip in your hands.
Having mauled more than one cork in my lifetime, a friend demonstrated his Rabbit for me.
It's so easy, even I can use it.
No more straining, no more crumbling corks with bits floating in my glass.
This cork-challenged wine connoisseur can now open her own bottles!.
Yes, this is an expensive corkscrew, but it is by far the best one I've ever tried and its quality is impressive.
I've used it for over five happy years.
I had the same problem as others who have reviewed it:  the worm gets squashed (I used a hacksaw to get it out).
Ask your package store proprietor which wine bottles have real corks and then stick to those labels.
I've owned two of these and one finally wore out after 10 years, so I replaced it with a like model.
A child could figure out how to use this! Push down, pull out.
Push down, pull out again and the cork is dropped on your countertop.
In point of fact, it is almost impossible to mess up a cork with this smooth instrument.
The cork will come out cleanly, effortlessly and incredibly quickly on your first try.
It is definitely a purchase you'll appreciate and your guests will admire at your parties.
We plan to put it at our new bar.
I'm sure it will see lots of use!.
I am not sure how people opened wine 50 years ago with just a little cork screw.
Pulling out the cork is a breeze and disgarding the cork is also pretty straight forward.
#2 Because of the size I would question the use of ease for someone with a small hand or a weak grip.
I keep this in my fridge to use with a SodaStream.
This was a gift! The history of the Brita Water Filters are excellent, I would recommend this to everyone.
I cannot imagine a more beautifully designed piece of kitchen equipment  as good a pitcher as Sandy Koufax was  :-).
I've used Brita filters for years after doing the research on its claims and competitors.
I've tried other filters and they just don't perform as well:1.
The water is incredibly clear and clean looking2.
The water tastes noticeably better--as do any foods (broths) or drinks (lemonade) you put it into3.
I already own an Atlantis pitcher and love it.
We have used Brita filter pitchers for almost fifteen years.
I bought this one because I like the blue color.
it has a good capacity for a small household and is discreet looking in the fridge, it doesn't call too much attention to it's self.
There's not much for me to say, honestly.
I mean, the water is perfectly clear and it tastes great, but how would I know whether it filters our micro-particles.
I'm not testing it or anything...Easy to clean, easy to fill, easy to hold/pour.
But I'm not a microbiologist with a lab, so I can't say whether it truly "filters" anything.
I've owned several Brita models over the years, including the round pitcher and the other slim unit.
More advanced systems reduce mercury, asbestos, cysts, and many other contaminants.
Some cities have some truly terrifying chemicals in their water, including estrogen, microscopic parasites (giardia for example), and fertilizers.
After filtration with this Brita, the taste is not noticeable.
The only problem I've had with this product is the design of the flip up lid.
You can buy a good filter and treat your own water for much less.
Americans throw out billions of water bottles every year and most of them end up in landfills.
I've had this pitcher, in blue - it is very attractive for a plastic water pitcher - for  many  months now.
I agree that 6 glasses (8 ounces of water) , is not that much.
I use it to fill the reservoir of my Keurig, and then it is empty.
I finally figured out what I was doing to cause this.
If I hold it a small amount forwards, it  does not.
Some people complained about specks from the filter: follow the instructions of soaking the filter and you should not have any specks.
Overall, this is a very satisfactory pitcher and the water seems to come out very pure.
Sooooo handy!  No more lugging water from store to car and car to kitchen!  Highly recommend!.
This Pitcher arrived in about 4 days with standard shipping.
It was easy to assemble and in good condition.
More than functional, the water tastes great in it.
It seems to be to be a great buy.
Our family lived for many years in a Central American country where the water was iffy.
Therefore, I try to drink water only out of the Brita.I can say that it's not an inconvenient little contraption.
This is not the best I have ever had but it is pretty good, attractive and functional.
I use it everyday as much as i can to drink.
I have two of them look great, and nice design.
This pitcher replaces an earlier (and slightly larger) Brita pitcher, which was clear-colored.
I like the blue--looks classy on the counter.
This one uses a simple calendar system (via a decal to be attached to the pitcher)--replace the filter every two months.
My tap water is not terrible, but I know it is purer when it's been Brita-ed.
It's too easy to over-pour small amounts of water.
I'm not crazy about any water that's not plain h20, and so this is great.
I'm picky about water though, so maybe it's just me.
The filters are a little pricey, but if you don't have very hard water, the filters will last for longer than they say.
Some filters are bad about losing carbon filaments though (and from the beginning - I'm not talking about when I overuse them).
I recommend for anyone with nasty water coming out of their faucet.
This hard plastic stays clean, can't imagine why you would ever need to clean the inside unless your water is really foul.
Dishwashers are a huge waste of electricity and accomplish nothing.
I buy my filters from Amazon in 4-packs.
Carbon dust is harmless, you can eat large quantities.
It is sold in capsule form for gas prevention.
It might take 4 minutes tops to fill the pitcher.
I'd like one that is even more narrow, but this isn't bad for my apartment issue fridge (much better than the round ones).
A bonus for us when we bought our mountain home was that it came with free water from a deep well.
It is spring fed and naturally filtered through an underground rock aquifer.
The metallic taste was magnified in cold tea and koolaid.
Hot coffee tasted bitter and soups and stocks had a distinct aftertaste.When we lived in the city we used tap water only for cooking.
We had aBrita On Tap Faucet Water Filter System,  Whiteto alleviate concerns with the sometimes smelly water.
It was sometimes annoying having to wait to fill up pitchers, teapots, etc.
Since we're a soda free household, we drink three, sometimes four, gallons of filtered water a day.
Don't take water out without putting water in.
For example, when getting filtered water for the teapot, I first fill the pot with unfiltered tap water.
I pour that water into the dispenser's reservoir on top.
It saves trips back and forth to the kitchen if we're spending time outside.
Nothing's more disconcerting than waking up with dry mouth to take a swig a water and finding a winged floaty.
Ugh.I already mentioned my biggest complaint: In each product, the water flow slows down the more the filter is used.
The other issue I have is the price of filters can fluctuate wildly between sellers.
I consistently find the best prices for all on Amazon.
I got this pitcher to replace our old model.
We were visiting our daughter who had this Brita filtration pitcher in her refrigerator.
We broke it (accidently dropped it on the floor).
Immediately replaced it with this one from Amazon.
No problems and the replacement is going strong.
I have them at home, in the shop and motorhome.
I could not get it cheaper at one of the clubs.It is good for electric jugs as well.
If you use filtered water things not only taste better but the electric jugs don't get a chemical build up in them.
I purchased this for my parents who were replacing another Brita pitcher that had cracked after years of constant use.
They wanted this design since it fits better in their fridge than the newer models that are available in the retail stores.
We thought we were buying the same model as before with the filter meter, but this one simply has reminder stickers for the filter change.
The design is the same and it works well for their purpose, but would have preferred the model that they had before.
I don't know why this thing got bad reviews.
Only thing is, and this is for all Britas, you can't pour water our while its filtering the water, or it will spill out.
Never had it leak and its been months, plus it holds plenty of water for me.
I like that's it's smaller because I keep it at my desk.
This pitcher is wonderful, water tastes great now! It is so easy to use this pitcher.
Our well water averages about 170-190 ppm TDS (total dissolved solids).
After filtering our water thru the Brita, it comes out about 100-120 TDS.
When I tested the low water left in our Keurig coffeemaker reservoir, it was 214 TDS.
(when I dump water I dump it on veggies or flowers).
Love it because it has a cover over the mouth spout in addition to where you put water in.
This pitcher is definitely an improvement over the older model I had.
I've had it for a little over a year now and it has been well worth the money.
It's easy to clean, easy to fill, and holds a fair amount of water.
If you're a heavy water drinker I'd recommend one of the bigger containers so you don't have to constantly fill it.
We fill it each time we take water from it, so we're usually never without cold water.
Visit [...] for more info.The only downside to this pitcher is that it does not have an airtight seal.
Not a huge deal, but something to consider.
Our tap water has a muddy taste that makes it unpleasant to drink.
The only thing we've learned is not to overfull the top section or it will run out the back under that flap--in retrospect, obvious.
Have been using this for 5 months and I can indeed taste a difference between the filtered water and water straight from the tap.
Keeps our bottle water consumption down and is easy to use.
The top kept coming off when I tried to pour - unlike past units...give me something I can depend on.
I have been using this pitcher for about 9 months.
First off, the taste of the water is great.
It completely removed the chlorine odor and odd taste from my city water.
It is pretty easy to clean and I only clean mine every two months when I change the filter.
I have not detected any mold or odors with this cleaning frequency.
I do keep my pitcher in the fridge all the time so I'm sure that helps.
I was only buying two gallons of bottled water per week, but this has already paid for itself in less than a year.
I know my water has been filtered now.
You never know if bottled water is filtered or just bottled from a city tap.
This meets my needs perfectly -- it's easy to fill in the sink, pours well, and fits in our supplemental 'dorm' fridge.
It's more attractive than the larger model we keep in the main fridge.
It's a nice size for a smaller fridge.
Although, that it could be it's downside too.
It is quite small and means you need to refill it pretty often.
Still, it does say it's size when purchased.
Anyway, I like the taste of the water it gives -- no taste, just like it should be.
It is quite light so I never feel like I'm going to pour it everywhere or drop it.
It fills quite quickly and seems to chill pretty fast, too.
All in all, I'm quite glad that I have it.
It tastes better than straight tap water too.
This is probably the buy of 2012 for me.
Now I just use this pitcher and it is so much more convenient.
I can definitely taste the better quality of tap water when it's been through the filter.
Better then the round style, its narrow and takes up very little space.
I like that it has a little flip door at the pouring end as well as a flip up refilling section.
My only complaint is that it is a little bit too tall and I have to lift the shelf up to fit it.
I use this everyday many times a day! Works like it's supposed to, if you have ever used one you know what I mean.
Well, I love Britas in general, but this is still going strong.
I love that its compact size makes it convenient for my dorm room, while it holds a lot more water than the really slim model.
This is my forth, and so far most favorite Brita water pitcher.
I was concerned that this one would cause spills too, but it doesn't.
It comes with a plastic removable sticker to help remind you to replace the filter every two months.
I payed $20 for my pitcher and it arrived in two days.
When I got it, I submerged the filter into a cup of water, and waited about 10 minutes.
I filled it once, dumped it out, and filled it again.
After a couple of hours, the salty water that usually comes out of my sink was a fresh stream of water.
I've gone through several pitchers over the last few days, and it hasn't lost the taste.
I've had other pitchers like this before, and I know that these filters last a very long time.
It is pretty thin, which is perfect for me.
It's a really good size, so I don't constantly have to refill it.
A little bit at a time works fine.
I only have a mini fridge of space, so it helps that this is pretty small.
The handle is extremely sturdy and has a plastic grip, so it can be slippery at times.
might not be large enough for big households.
This is a good alternative but has its drawbacks.
I think a britta sink/faucet model would be more convenient but my faucet is not set up for one.
The water from this pitcher tastes very good and I use it for my coffee which allows me to not buy filters for the pot...however.
a full pitcher is just under a full pot of coffee and the refilling of the britta is very slow.
You really cant pour it till its done filtering.
The filters are fairly expensive but less than buying bottled water.
I also find  the pitcher to be a bit heavy and the lid delicate.
altho it has not broken i can see that that might be a problem.
This is a good alternative to a faucet model or bottled water but it isnt without its drawbacks.
This came very quickly and I actually like this better than I thought would.
It is larger and does a great job on the water here, which is no small thing.
I used to buy drinking water by the gallon for coffee and ice and this is every bit as good.
It will likely pay for itself on its first filter.
This pitcher makes it delicious, and pays for itself quickly.
There's no doubt about it -- you need water because the human body is up to 70% water by weight.
Most people love water, and perhaps coffee might be a strong second.
If you want GREAT coffee, water that's clean, cold and fresh is just plain essential.
The water weighs about six pounds and the pitcher about two pounds for a total of about eight pounds.
They come out of the filter with use.
Personally, I don't like that feature, but I've never been fearful of those little things because the human body is also about 23% carbon.
I don't think I would see them so much if the water wasn't so clear, though.
If you have never had filtered water, then you do not know what you are missing.
When you use this Brita you will see and taste the difference in your tea, coffee or whatever else you use it in.
I use Brita filtered water in my Espresso Machine and do not have to decalcify as often.
I also use filtered water in all my cooking.The slim design of this Brita makes it fit in the refrigerator much better.
And the timer comes in handy to remind me to change the filter.
Some have said that it leaks when transporting.
The lid fits snug, but will come off if you empty all the water.
I either hold the lid or just do not empty all the water.
This is a great water pitcher and I highly recommend it.
It begins to taste "off" after about 5-6 weeks.
There's two of us using it, me and my husband, and we do like to drink water.
but I would think it should last longer.It's easy to clean and easy to fill.
I've used and thrown away more PUR faucet water filters than I would like to think about.
Generally speaking, these sort of water filters break, clog, or don't function for very long.
It turns out that my only recourse was a pitcher based unit.
As a protest to those rotten PUR faucet filters, I jumped the fence over to Brita.
This unit holds quite a bit of filtered water--10 8 ounce servings.
The idea of using the pitcher is to immediately fill the upper reservoir after you poor out some water.
The filters last about a month or more, and there is a little LCD timer that alerts you to when to change the filter.
For $25 Amazon has a great price for this Brita pitcher.
The prep for these pitchers is more than I thought but easy.
You can't just pour water in and start drinking.
This pitcher requires two full reservoirs to fill the pitcher.
The reservoir filters water in about 3-4 minutes.A filter is supposed to last 2 months (at two full pitchers a day).
Amazon sells a 3 pack for about $17, so about $5.50 for a month's worth of purified water.
It prevents hangovers, especially if you use it to substitute for alcohol.
It helps you digest your food, and may help lose weight as part of a calorie controlled diet.
I would reccomend this or any Brita pitcher to everyone.I personally have this model and it is so easy to fill with the flip top.
Also the rubber grip makes holding the pitcher comfortable and effortless.
It gets a little heavy when it is full but maybe I'm just weak.
Since we've bought it I drink so much more water (which is a good thing) and I love the taste.
I love this pitcher!  I don't have to worry about carrying bottled water in the elevator to the 17th floor or the expense.
The filtered water tastes just as good as bottled water, to me.
I love having cold filtered water on hand and this does a great job at making my tap water taste better.
I purchased this about two years ago and it's held up fine.
I'm a little concerned how long the plastic will continue to hold up, but so far so good!.
Got my pitcher the other day, so far seems to work fine.
Wasn't as big as I was expecting which was disappointing but I can live with.
Not having the problems others seem to and keeping my fingers crossed they don't appear!.
The resevoir holds enough water for our household (2 people) without constantly running out (we refill it every other day or so).
I used to live in a downtown metro area and the water was awful tasting and began ordering bottle water service.
I moved into the suburbs where the water is so much better.
This has been a nice alternative to bottled water service.
If you can spare a little more room in your fridge I HIGHLY recommend buying this 2-Gallon UltraMax over the pitchers.
It lies flat on the shelf and has a easy to use tap.
MUCH MUCH better for kids and anyone else who  has trouble gracefully lifting 3 quarts of liquid with one hand (read: most  everyone).
With this design you simply open the door and fill using the  tap.
A great gift,  especially for those people with the pitcher models.
It works great and delivers clean tasting water.
I like that it fits in the fridge and the spout makes it easy to use.
Hope to have filtering water for six months.
Brita, I find to be great taste, like spring water.
If you want your water filtered and to have a good taste, go no further.
No need for bottled water, this is much more cost efficient.
This is such an inexpensive way to filter your water and make sure everyone is safe at home.
I use the water from my refrigator dispenser which has been filtered and pour into the Brita filter pitcher therefore twice filtering.
They last 2 months each when drinking 1 gallon per day.
Not sure how long they are suppose to but this is great for me.
I no longer buy bottled water and it is less to lug around and makes me feel good about the environment.
Brita makes a great product, and the price on amazon makes it worth buying here.
The replacement filter did its job.....the price was good.
I received it in good time since it was part of a gift!.
Using a Brita Pitcher is so much cheaper than buying bottled water, and requires much less heavy lifting, and zero bottle recycling.
FYI, a cartridge lasts longer than two months for me, so a 4 pack is easily a year's supply.
If you have more than two people drinking from it daily, then two months per cartridge might be about right.
Amazon is phenomenal at fulfilling orders and partnering with delivery services to ensure great service.
At this point I wouldn't think of getting these anywhere else.
Plus, Brita's specialty in water purification has impressed me over the years as their originally quality products keep getting better and better!! An easy decision.
I have been using Brita water filters for over 20 years and the taste is better than any bottled water which costs significantly more.
I live in New Jersey and my tap water tastes horrible.
In the past 20+ years I have used about 5 or 6 different pitchers and it fit all of them perfectly.
Stop buying soda, and stop spending money on bottled water.
Get one of these babies and a few good water bottles to take your brita water with you.
Just make sure you change the filter and let new filters soak as directed.
If you want to add taste then add a piece lemon.
Brita came before Pur and everyone loved it.
Now, the findings if you search will yield that Pur is only slightly ahead of Brita for filtering.
So I did some REAL taste test with my morning coffee.
The Brita made a far more smoother cup of coffee.
I will never go back to Pur for my coffee making.
Brita has much more charcoal for taste/odor filtering.
So you see it in the first pitcher with a new filter.
Yes, I have to discard the first pitcher of water after inserting a new filter.
Note that the filter brands will generally interchange between brands of pitchers.
Brita all the way, and don't look back.
We bought these and they worked really well as advertised! They are cheaper than a regular store, too, which is a bonus!.
If you're using a filter for 106 times, you're getting your money's worth.
Or you can just use it until your tastebuds decide the water is gross again.
Remember, it's a water filter, not a purifier.
I use one of those, and then to take care of lead, I end with the Brita pitcher.
The one that takes care of many more things than Brita does is called ClearH20, and the only thing that it doesn't do is copper.
Brita does.Using both of them makes the water taste terrific.
I'd never use Brita or the ClearH20 alone....both of them together create awesome flavor....but either one by itself, the water tastes poor.
They are simple carbon based filters and they last a pretty long time.
Their simplicity owes to them being cheap yet very effective.
I use these in my Brita pitcher Slim to purify the college dorm water.
The water just out of the tap tastes a bit metallic but after being filtered the bad taste goes away.
Since its only my roommate and I, we only have to change it about once a semester.
Exactly like you would find at one of the big box stores except a much better deal.
With Prime and quick delivery this purchase was a no-brainier.
Although these do not hold a candle to the Zero Water System, they do an acceptable job.
Buying on Amazon saves me a lot of money.
This makes for much better tasting water without the tons of bottles that are used for store bought water.
I've been a Brita user for a long time.
I really like that the replacement filters fit all the Brita pitchers I've ever purchaed.
I also like how easy the replacement filters are to open and prepare for use.
They activate better now even than they used to, years ago, fewer charcoal particles come out during the initial 15-minute soak.
and last about as long as they always have.
This isn't the fault of Amazon, but these are activated carbon inside a plastic cylinder.
They will make your tap water taste better, but at what cost?The product works great, but there are better solutions than the name brand here.
Look for off brands that fit your pitcher, or learn how to recycle these into making your own filters out of old replacements.
We buy these filters regularly to use with our Brita pitcher.
They came in original Brita package and work well, as expected.
They take the calcium out of the water and Keep my coffee pot cleaner.
There is nothingto say except I needed them and will use them.
This is definitely a good deal because zero filters for my zero pitcher are an outstanding 39.00+ for 3 filters.
I switched to Brita because theirs are more economical.
I have never had an issue with Brita filters and I have been using the brand for many years now.
It makes the water purer and taste better.
This is important for me since I often use filtered water for tea, coffee, kombucha, and brewing beer.
There are times when it is very important to start with good tasting water and these Brita filters help provide that.
After the first few uses you hardly ever get any of the carbon particles in your water, so it is built very tight.
It filters the water at a moderately slow rate.
It can filter a cup of water in about 30 seconds.
I usually use these filters for twice the time that Brita recommends, and I have had no problem.
But, if your starting tap water is not as clean, these filters may not last as long as they do for me.
They fit in the pitcher and function just fine as far as I can tell.
I bought this because it was cheaper than buying locally as a replacement for my Brita.
I am curious what type of plastics are being used in Brita.
I would love an all glass Brita if it exists.
Why buy bottles of water when you can make your own filtered water at home.
Great price and I will be buying again and again.
Own a Brita? Do these fit yours? Then this is what it comes down to.
As you close in on month six, buy a new box.Complicated? Not at all.
If this three-pack is cheaper than at the megamart, buy them.
Otherwise, get these here.I fully recommend the Brita Pitcher Replacement Filters.Anthony Trendl[...].
Does a nice job removing tastes from tap water.Great for coffee too.
Our tap water is disgusting and I wonder if it's even safe to drink, the filter makes it nice and refreshing.
Good price and fast shipping - they last a long time.
I keep the tank in my fridge and use it for coffee water and drinking water.
This is quite important both for the taste of the water and for the longevity of the systems itself.
This is a healthy way to go , for the filters ensure you continue use water that is free of metal, sediment, and chlorine contamination.
Founds a supply of these on eBay at a great price, but the seller was scamming buyers.
His reviews are now toast, and he's been removed from eBay.
This is a reasonable price from Amazon for the Brita filters.
I honestly don't know if the whole thing is just a sham.
In any case, I've been using a Brita filter pitcher for years and my water always tastes clean.
Just remember to replace the filter as recommended.
I bought these on Amazon at a better price than I have been able to find them anywhere else.
Amazon has the best price on these water filters.
Not sure what to say; have not done research whether Brita is better than other filters.
These are cheap, buy in bulk and save.
I gave this product 4 stars only because it admits it is capable of filtering only 99% of "things" that might be in your water.
On the other hand, I feel safer using water from the tap (city water) and that is nice.
I'm also saving a lot of money from not buying bottled water, which may or may not be as clean.
Great tasting water and they last for a decent period.
We like Brita products and the filters work.
They make the water taste much better and help rid the water of nasty things.
Cheapest I've seen actual Brita filters anywhere rather it be online or in a store.
I can't think of anything to say bad about them.
They fit well: no problems with them being misshapen or that which sometimes happens with these filters.
And they arrived clean of excess charcoal powder (which sometimes shakes loose in the plastic pack).
Very good value for money, these can work out expensive and I am always on the lookout for a deal on them.
This fits the bill and they are 100% real Brita filters not like some others are trying to sell.
We've been using the Brita pitcher and filters for six or eight months, and they work very well.
It's nice to have really clean-tasting water, and have ice-cold water in the summertime.
This has been much less expensive than buying bottled water.
I have well water which is not the best, these filters do the job.
Use these in my Brita pitcher so I have filtered water for my coffee maker.
The product is good, the price is also ok BUT.
when you add the shipping, its no better than retail.
I've order them twice on Amazon but won't again unless Amazon lowers its price to be competitive after shipping with retail.
These filters work great and make my water taste so much better.
Since they are made by Brita, it's not surprising that they work perfectly with my Brita filters.
With four filters in a pack, that is a years worth of clean, good tasting water for $18!.
These Brita filters make the awful tasting water at work bearable.
It is the same product as sold in the local stores at a better price.
This 1-pack Brita pitcher replacement filter gets the job done, it installs easily and filters for better tasting water.
The price on Amazon is a little bit under retail store's average price.
Overall, great product, I will definitely buy from here again.
Wowee, I get clean water for half the price! Yay! Just like the ones in store, sealed and packaged and good to go.
The replacement filter fits my humidifier in my bedroom, the 5-pack set is economical to buy and will keep me going for a long while.
These replacement filters are used in ourBrita 42629 Slim Pitcher.
We sent the pitcher to our daughter for use in her dorm-room since the city she is in has awful manciple drinking water.
This met my needs better, i just use it to filter water for my small 1 gallon penguin humidifier.
much cheaper than the megastores plus I can order from the comfort of my home.
I realize there are pros and cons to this type of product, and people have strong feelings one way or the other.
Someone told me we should filter our water.
Almost immediately my husband noticed that his chronic stomach/system problems went away.
He keeps his own pitcher in his office, and unlike me, does not change the filters like clockwork every two months.
However, his body tells him when he is overdue to change the filter (no, I am not making this up :-).
It seems to take some of the bad stuff out of our &#34;city water&#34;, and that is a good thing.
I'm happy with this product because I saved money.
Not much else to say about a water filter.
These work well for filtering the bad taste out of tap water.
If you think it's gonna give you &#34;cleaner&#34; water, you are mistaken.
You'll need a true reverse osmosis filter for that.
However, if you have nasty tasting tap water like me, these are a good deal; much cheaper than in stores.
The price for these was better than I've found in big box stores or supermarkets.
I've used a Brita pitcher and filters for years, with satisfaction.
It filters your water and fits in your brita pitcher.
It's the cheapest I can find on amazon.
Brita part and the four pack keeps you from hunting it down when you need a new one.
The price is comparable to the big box stores which sometimes stock it and sometimes don't.
The big advantage with Amazon is that you have the part numbers on hand when you place your order.
Fast delivery and these filters work amazingly! The water tests great and I love that bottled water is so rare in my house now.
I must start off by saying that I became a Brita fan years ago and have been loyal ever since.
The Brita water just taste so smooth and deliciously thirst quenching.
There are a few instructions before you get started such as soaking the filter.
But after you do that you will be ready to fill your pitcher up and drink up.
I seem to get longer use out them too.
They make my water taste soft and refreshing.
But still crisp if you refrigerate the pitcher you're using them with,.
We probably don't replace these as often as we're supposed to, but these filters still last long enough where we don't taste a difference.
After several months of use, the water just filters through it a bit slower.
My wife and I drink a lot of water but you don;t need too many filters for our brita pitcher.
I've tried a number of filters from whole house to faucet--singly and in combination.
If your experience is like mine, convenience is a major limiting factor and here's how convenient these replacements are:1.
Rip, cut or tear open the plastic envelope.2.
Drop the filter in a dish or glass of cold water and let soak for fifteen minutes.3.
Remove filter from the soak and rinse it off under cold water.4.
There they are inconsequential because they can't get down to the bottom.
I have been using this kind of filter for years.
I got a good deal when buying 5 packs of this.
It makes a noticeable difference in everything we drink and cook with.
Even if you follow pre-soaking instructions, we still get a lot of charcoal bits in the top of the pitcher.
Not quite sure how to make that stop.Overall, great water at a great price (even beat WalMart on this one)!.
As long as you follow the directions, it should be simple!1.
make sure you dunk it in a pot of water for 15 minutes to really shake out the carbon dust2.
they recommend to flush out two loads of water - but it make take some time.
I was really naughty and didn't feel like waiting, so I put it under the sink on REALLY low for like 10 minutes.
I thought I was getting a good price on this 4-pack, but I didn't.
Good price for an item that works well.
I have bought these at other brick and morter stores.
For folks who do not have a reverse osmosis water system, the Brita Pitcher and filters works well and the water tasts very good.
They're exactly what you'd expect from Brita filters.
You can tell it's time to change them when they stop filtering or do it incredibly slow.
I think the real brand lasts better than the cheaper over the counter ones and end up canceling out the higher price.
This came quickly and I am glad I have these in stock, as I do not have transportation to go to the store.
It is just a set of Brita Water Filter Pitcher Replacement Filters.
Four stars because it is not cheap at all.
A product like a replacement filter doesn't really have much to review about.
same lifespan as single brita filters, lower price.
only wish the indicator wasn't the slowness of the filter.
these are great ,dont need to buy water in bottles anymore , and tap water going thru filter tastes better then bottled.
Because of sales, prices are all over the map for these filters, but this is the best deal I've found.
The 4-pack was the best price I could find without being a huge package.
Further, if it rains heavily where your city's water storage is, your water can be clouded.Enter the Brita Water Filter Pitcher, in all its phases.
This filter removes cloudiness, as well as that awful metallic taste, and leaves water as fresh and, well, water-flavored as you might wish.
If you do boil your water, filter it after.I've seen an Instructable for &#34;refilling&#34; these: sorry, but that doesn't work.
Replace it as often as you need to.
Good filters at a good price-I saved $6-buying them here verses Wall-Mart.
Much easier than wandering all over Wall-Mart where they keep moving stuff.
I have the Brita my mom had and it's still going strong.
The Brita filter system is one I trust, and I love the convenience of of disposable and replaceable filter cartridges.
These are part of a fine system that reliably cleans water.
Easy to use, works with all the different Brita pictures, and I personally feel they work longer than the three-month recommendation.
I have to use filtered water for my coffee maker and this works just fine.
There is not too much to say about this item other than it filter my water.
They do the job they're supposed to do.
I've used them for the past two or three years and have no complaints.
Softens my hard water and makes tap water tasty.
Be sure to soak filter prior for half a day prior to using.
Keep enough water in the Brita container to keep at least part of the filter WET at all times.
If you do these 2 things the filter works amazingly well.
I use the filtered water for cooking and brewing tea and coffee (just like Starbucks does).
I won't go back to plain tap water ever again! 3 filters seems to last about 3 months.
No more lugging bottled water home from the store!!!!.
These refills have so many that I don't feel like I remember when I purchased them last and I use my water container alot.
Really glad I found they are available on Amazon at such a great price.
Price is much lower than what I can get at local retailers even using the occasional manufacturer's coupon.
Now I can change the filters and not worry about running out.
They are easy to switch and do a nice job.
Will make the same purchase again when these need replacement.
I have been using these for last 4 years.
These filters all fit perfectly in my Brita pitcher.
What I really love is how easy it is to replace them.
No caps, no locks, nothing to mess with.
Just grab the old filter and pull it out.
Step 2: Put new filter in (after you prep it).
No caps, no locks, nothing to mess with.
Yeah, yeah there is that pesky &#34;prep&#34; work you have to do with a new filter.
I put it in a big glass with water for 15 min, sometimes longer if I find something else to do.
As with all Brita filters, rinse well before using.
Soak and then rinse, imho, otherwise you wind up with filter media in the fill cavity.
Been using this product for years and years and I like them......................well.
Give em try, you'll like them too !.
I have to give the product 4-stars, because I still think that they are WAY overpriced for what they are.
Let's face it, it's a piece of plastic filled with granulated charcoal.
How expensive could that be to produce?  Not very.
Nonetheless, I have still kept using them over all these years.
Though I know that regular tap water should be fine to drink, I still feel better using the filter.
This is the second time I buy these filters.
It's enough reason to keep using them in my Brita  pitcher.
Still trust these filters to do the job and have been buying for several years.
Price for them still better on amazon than any where else.
This product is good and easy to replace, and lasts at least two months per manufacturer's recommendations.
It is a better option than buying those plastic bottles, a waste.
You are much better off getting a complete full under the sink reverse osmosis water filtration system then the Britta filter system.
However, if this is all you can afford, it does a reasonable job of cleaning tapwater.
The FDA are clueless morons who are arrogant and authoritarian dogs who prevaricate relentlessly.
Do not trust anything the government ever says.
Largest source of criminality is the government, not the people they jail, usually unfairly.
The media is in bed with them, do not trust anything the media says.
the price is high but anyway, it contains 6 filters.
I haven't used it but hope it will be great.
This particuar seller is GREAT to do business with - a fair shooter.
These filters do what they're supposed to do and clean up even the crappiest city water.
Checked the price at Walmart and these from Amazon were about half the price.
Got these for our Brita slimline pitcher, fit perfectly.
Fit my Brita filter perfectly and work well.
My husband primarily uses the Brita pitcher at work instead of drinking out of the drinking fountains or tap water from the sink.
We recently went on a road trip and decided to take it with us.
We even used it to filter the water at the place we stayed.
There is one caveat to these filters though, we had to constantly keep water in it so that it would not dry out.
That wasn't really a problem though as we were constantly using it.
Great, refreshing taste at a fraction of the cost it would have cost us for bottled water!.
I use my Keurig a lot and was needing to replace those filters a lot more.
Brita Water Filter Pitcher Replacement Filters, 6 Count, I've been using this filter brand for 5 years now and I truly recommend it.
Tastes like that Fiji stuff you buy at the store once you run it through a few times.
Our family has several of the Brita pitchers and we love them.
We use them daily and these filters are amazing for making the water taste soft and delicious.
We love that we can order the filters on Amazon at such a wonderful price as well.
We live way out in the country, on a farm and have well water.
Our big whole-house water filter died, a few months ago, and I have been using the Brita water pitcher and filters for our drinking water.
I have not found the filters cheaper anywhere else and the water surely tastes great.
If you're looking for these filters, the odds are good you already ought to have an idea of the Brita water filter system.
I also keep my Brita fridge so the cold might help it last longer(less bacteria growth).
I couldn't even manage to find where the filters were in the store until after I had already ordered these.
I keep these on hand as we use the Brita pitcher daily.
Can't find a better price even at the big box stores.
These are just replacement filters so there isn't much you can say here.
They arrived on time and have worked fine.
We have a Brita and it totally improves the taste of our water.
These filters are a great price and we are happy with them...easy to use and thankful the yucky taste is taken away.
Most others have written a lot about Brita.
The most vital thing about it is it removes enough chlorine to make the water smell and taste better.
It also removes many other harmful contaminants, but not enough to make it safe for human consumption, although it does a close job to it.
This has been studied in many third party analysis of in-home water filters.
So, I buy more than I need at any given time - but I save so much doing it online like this.
Brita systems are all I've used for years.
I use my brita pitcher for all tap water use.
The filters are reasonably priced and it is an easy and inexpensive way to filter water.
I have crazy hard water at my apartment that tastes awful and leaves TONS of build up on my kettles.
Not a fan of getting flaky mineral chunks in my tea.
These bad boys make it so that I get ZERO mineral build up even after months of boiling multiple pots each and every day.
We use our Brita pitcher quite a bit.
A 6 count usually lasts us about a year.
In California the water tends to be very hard.
I purchased an under the sink two stage water filtration system and thought the problem would be solved.
The water still tasted bad so I bought a Brita pitcher filter.
I think it's because each filter has silver oxide particles mixed in with the charcoal and it softens the water very well.
These produce some great tasting water and last quite long in comparison to some of the other options we've tried.
These really take the chlorine and other chemical tastes out of our city water.
I love the Brita filters and the fact that they are available on Amazon in a 3-pack.
They really work to filter out the tap water.
I think the Brita system is a good filter device that makes my awful tap water taste good.
I use the big water tank not the pitcher and they work well with it.
These go into a Brita Water Pitcher and last about 3 months.
After about 2.5-3.0 months the water begins to smell stale.
Time to change it!Now, how easy is that?.
These fit perfectly into the Brita and keep the water nice and clean.
They last a long time and are a great value.
I've been using these for years and they work good.
Our water has a lot of metals in it.
It not only has a smell,  but it discolors any vessel it is put in after a while.
Using these in my Brita filter pitchers kill the taste / odors and the water is crystal clear.
Brita is a reputable company and we trust that the filter is doing everything Brita says it does.
These fit in the new Brita Color pitchers, too.
I also can always use mine for a little longer than Brita says, too.
I have much better tasting water with these little guys than I did before.
Probably doesn't get all contaminents -they keep finding more and more junk in the water system, but the water basically has no taste after filtering.
When the pitcher is empty, you should refill the reservoir right away.
When the pitcher is full or partly full, the bottom of the filter is in the water and keeping moist.2.
The filter needs to be soaked and flushed exactly according to directions.
This is no big problem, just something to be aware of.3.
WE HAVE TWO BRITA PITCHERS IN THE FRIDGE AT WORK AND THIS GIVES US ENOUGH BACK-UP FILTERS FOR BOTH.
Great value and a better price than other stores.
Recommend this for anyone who uses their brita filter system.
It's hard to write a review on a filter.
Great pack of 3 Britta Filter, getting 3 is better because it will last you a while rather than getting them every couple months.
The Brita filter works very well and I always change it every 2 months per recommendation.
My pitcher has a date reminder on the lid, so it helps to know when to replace.
I've been using Brita pitchers for 15 years.
These have always worked great and make Los Angeles water taste way better.
The Brita pitcher water filtering system is a good idea if you have problems with your tap water.
The city constantly monitors water and "adjusts" additives to combat bacteria and other pollutants.
The filters are rated at 40 US gallons each.
If you exceed the recommended filter "life", you will definitely notice diminished results.
I have bought from this seller at least twice now.
otherwise your 1st run thru the pitcher has this&#34; remainder carbon&#34;  and the 1st batch of water  has to be &#34;pitched&#34;.
They make my city water much more palatable and easier to drink.
Also, they are much cheaper and better than bottled water.
These filters are great, and of course required to use a Brita water filter.
The price here on Amazon is good and they're usually prime.
City water tastes so much better once it's passed through these filters!.
Brita pitcher solved the problem of unpleasant taste to local waterIt's easy pour, easy fill feature make it simple and handy to use.
Admittedly, they do make the water taste better.
Brita works very well and my daughter really uses this item all the time.
I think the four pack is the best pack you can get.
It is a good value, and will last you eight months.
Any more than four and you start to risk loosing the filters before you are ready to use them.
Less than four and you aren't getting a very good dollars per filter value.The filters work great and fit easily into my think Brita pitcher.
Be sure to soak it first for a few minutes.
Well I have to write more then that.
It filters good water and water is good so drink water but you don't have to have 16 glasses of water a day.
Nice to order online for a little lower price and have the replacements on hand when needed.
I purchased the 3-pack replacement filters when I bought the pitcher and I'm glad I did.
We love our Brita pitcher and were always running out of filters.
We drink a lot of water in our house and have to replace the filter fairly often as a result.
Buying a 3 pack saves us from being caught without a backup.
I have used 2 from this pack and they meet my expectations for this product.
Brita is a good brand and I needed these at the time.
Easy to use and the water tastes OK.
These have been working well for me since I ordered them.
It's the best price I could find for them that doesn't involve a coupon.
I have always used Brita products (including the faucet attachment) and have never been disappointed.
I have a small Brita pitcher and these fit perfectly.
They make the water taste delicious, and my tap water is heavy on the chlorine.
Love these and will order more in the future.
I buy these cartridges for a glass Brita jug that I bought 20 year ago.
These filters worked as a replacement into the small Brita I already had.
Worked just like they should and the price when I got them was as cheap as I could find anywhere.
Save me money and no more bottled water!!!! Go Green!!!.
There is not much to say about the Brita filter as it needs to be replaced every two months.
With this 3 pack and the one that came with my Brita pitcher I am supplied until October.
I ordered them on Prime and they came right on time.
Now, I admit I haven't looked at Sam's, but the discount price at our local stores is $31 for five filters.
We gave up plastic water bottles for sake of the environment and have been using our Brita for years.
We use the filtered water to refill sports bottles, thermos bottles, coffeemakers, juicers, blenders, etc.
So we go through many of these and this price is excellent.
These leave no residue on the clear Keurig container, so it is obvious the filters are working; plus the taste is pure and clean.
Excellent value from Amazon and free shipping with Prime.
My tap water is very unpleasant tasting so these are a must-have.
too bad I only change it every 2 months.
brita would make more off of me if i changed more often.
Needed some replacement filters for this worked really well.
It was good to have some spares on hand when we needed them.
It's so easy to buy these online, free shipping, and just wait for them to come to your mailbox.
I like easy, I like fast and I like buying 6 at a time.
I use these in a couple of Brita water pitchers for us and the dogs so we always have filtered, fresh water in our cups/bowls.
The price has gone up since last I purchased these, I guess just about everything has.
It's still a good deal and a handy way to purchase.
I had been buying the filters locally for around 9.99 each so it pays to take advantage of the sales on Amazon.
it works.It fits in my Brita pitcher.I wish it had some kind of indicator for when it needs to be replaced.
Not much to say, Brita replacement filter 6 pack is a good value.
I have well water which has a lot of sediment, even after the whole house filter and the Brita clears it up.
I actually have to remind myself to change the filters, but they work so good!.
There's nothing like having cold, fresh, filtered water in the fridge.
The four pack was good and at a good value.
No defects, everything was just as I had expected.
great price, fit perfect, just what I wanted and needed.
I will continue to use these and replace with more as needed.
They fit all Brita pitchers from small to large.
The pitcher is durable, well-shaped for refrigerator storage, and provides good-tasting water.
This is the same Brita refil sold in stores and the usual price is between 7 and 9 dollars.
These filters are working out just fine for me.
These are the regular Brita pitcher replacement filters.
These filters make the water taste good, and they also reduce lime/calc build up on my dispenser.
I use a Pur 2 stage for drinking water.
We use our Brita Water Pitcher daily keeping it full in the refrigerator.
After using the last filter it was time to buy more.
I usually buy from my local Costco but they were out if stock so I bought these online.
I have a Brita pitcher so the filters need to changed.
I chose to get the 6 count so they will last a long time.
The product came within the time they said and in very good condition.
These are exactly what I needed and wanted.
They fit my Brita pitcher perfectly and perform consistently.
Amazon also has some of the best prices I could find on these replacements.
Our well water has a funny taste, so I was purchasing bottled water for drinking.
Then we bought a Brita Pitcher and used it for 3 months before it needed a new filter.
With this purchase, we now have a 1 1/2 years of filters.
It actually does make a difference in the taste of our water.
These things are not that cheap, but they work, produce great tasting water and lots of it.
The water seems to taste just as good.
The main thing here is that they obviously get a lot of impurities out of your water, and the water absolutely tastes better.
Just as I would expect from Brita, a great product.
The price for the six of these is a real bargain.
I would hope that anyone looking for a good deal would be crazy not to buy these.
I use it at home and at work.
For me, the main benefit is removing the chlorine taste and smell, and it does its job pretty good.
Bottled water is WAY more expensive than gas.
A half-liter bottle of water will cost you a dollar.
That is going to work out to more than $7 per gallon.
And where do you think that water is coming from? In most cases, it is just tap water.
I'm using the Brita as a pre-filter for the Zerowater kitchen-top solution (also purchased on Amazon).Zerowater's filters are expensive.
The Britas are an extra step but the end result is savings andtruly great-tasting water.
I have a small dorm sized fridge that does not offer ample room for food and drinks.
So I purchased the Brita 42629 pitcher for its slim design and its perfect.
The price was fair, the items arrived in good shape, and worked as expected in his pitcher.
If you are looking at this BUY IT NOW.
You know you havent changed that filter in a year and you are drinking gross water.
The filters are cheaper on Amazon than at the store and they are really easy to change out.
It was refreshing to try the water after a new filter.
I didnt think I would notice a different but you can really taste it.For real, click buy.
I prefer ordering these off amazon as locally they can run a little higher price.
I recommend buying the larger quantity as it's worth it in the long run.
These filters are important, I keep some of these on reserve and order when I put my last one in.
Much less expensive to order these in the 4 pack.
You can also save with a Brita and a Lexan water bottle.
This really is a better take on better water w/o filling the landfills with empties.
Excellent price on these filters to keep your drinking water tasting fresh.
Pair this up with an Amazon Prime account and you get them even faster.
I've only found similar pricing for the 3 packs at stores.
These filters fit our Brita water pitcher perfectly.
The price was better than Sam's Club and Costco.
For some reason buying the 6 count was way better per unit than any other combo.
I have the ultra max Brita water container.
For the value, this is a excellent product.
Works Great,  And the price was better than even Sam's Club or anywhere else.
I have been using these in my Fridg.
for years now with my pitcher for a cold one at anytime.
I love the taste of my water when I use the Brita, and the filters are easy to change.
A simple way to improve the taste of city water.
I have not tasted water that good for many years.
It's far less expensive than bottled and tastes just as good.
With my prime account at Amazon, shipping is free, so this is a great value.
These do a good job making nasty water good.
We had stinky water in the dorms in college, so my Brita pitcher was a lifesaver.
I like the faucet mounted filters like my PUR much better.
I run two pitchers at once so we are never out of 'good&#34; clean water.
That means dumping the water, re-pour it and try again.
With this happening it is making me go through filters more rapidly than if I could use the water that I poured the first time.
I am sincerely considering moving away from Brita and trying a different brand.
I get the idea Brita doesn't care about quality any longer.
It's happened too often with different purchases of filters for it to be a &#34;one time&#34; occurrence.
These are Brita made replacement filters, come in a nice box and individually sealed.
The quality is exactly what I would expect and functions exactly as my original.
Much better than the generic knockoffs and at the amazon price and prime shipping these are just as cheap.
Anyway, I have so far been happy with this bundle, especially withthe competitive price when I got it.
Have only used one and it works great.
Water is clean and notaste or hard water problems.
I now have two Brita pitchers at my house.
I love Brita water filtering, and these filters were perfect for the price.
Got the job done, and got it done well.
and it is much cheaper to use these and a reusable water bottle, than buying throw aways.
(and greener!!)and a price check at a local store confirms that they are much more inexpensive through Amazon.hydrate!!.
Need to change your filter every 3 months unless you plan on drinking water that is worse than tap.
Not much to say other than product works as it should.
Don't make me write enough words to fit your requirements or you will get text such as this.
purchased the Brita filters and think they are great.
We use our Brita pitcher all day long.
What else can I say about these dependable filters that are so necessary with my well water?.
I'm not a huge water drinker, so anything that can improve the taste of my water is a plus.
This doesn't make it taste perfect, but noticeably better for sure.
These filters are fairly quick and take the overpowering degree of taste out of the water reliably.
Reasonable price for this amount And they last forever.
Using these filters with the Atlantis pitcher and I have no complaints.
There are small black specs (most likely the filter particles) but it mainly stays above the pitcher and stays out of the drinking water.
Worth the cost as I've cut down on buying and consuming cases of water bottles.
Good to use when refilling the dogs water bowl also.
Brita is a favorite - and ability to remove chlorine is a real positive.
These can be pricey to buy at times.
I find them on sale at Amazon sometimes and purchase them.
I only purchase direct from Brita through Amazon and not other resellers as I don't want cheap, knock-off water filters.
I noticed that the water quality and taste was a lot better than the tap water I was drinking.
Saved a couple of bucks buying a three-pack!.
Brita hasn't change their filters in quite a long time from what I can tell, and for good reason.
These work in just about any Brita product, and always give you great tasting water for a few months.
I'm sure I'll be buying more once I run out again.
Pleased with product, very good price (at ten bucks for a 3-pack).
Obviously Brita just decided to get a little greedy, and see how much more money they could make by changing that recommendation.
Came just as expected and before expected receive date.
Not much I can say but I do need them for my Brita and the water tastes great.
Brita filters are a must given the fetid tap water we're subjected to here.Purchasing them in bulk for a good price makes me happy.
They work great for the brita we have and use daily.Would buy these again.
I will store these and use them when the ones that came with the pitcher are used up.
I like buying these in packs of 3.
Then I know I always have the replacement.
the tap water doesn't taste great so i filter all my water, for drinking, for cooking, etc.
i have been using these filters for year and i love them.
they make the water taste great and last a very very long time.
unlike some people who use this water for only cooking purposes ,i drink this water and love it.
the filters last a very very long time and its a great purchase.
it saves you a lot of money vs having to  buy water.
I love having Brita 3-pack because the price.
It was on sale and these filters usually run $15 if you buy them locally one at a time.
it does exactly what its suppose to do.
Great product overall an gets the job done.
of course i have a brita filter jug in my refrigerator so i buy these all the time.
when i get a good deal on amazon, i get them.
I did have to make sure I popped it in just right.
We brought it with us during a 3-day hotel stay to ensure we had filtered water.
During the 8-hour drive each way, we filled it up at gas stations and had clean water to drink on the road trip.
I got it to use for weekend trips as I have a water filter attached to my sink.
I have city water that has a lot of chlorine and tastes bad.
The only way I will drink the tap water is after its been filtered.
It does a great job in making the water taste better.
I drink a lot more water because of this.
Good product for our Brita Slim water filter, have been in the habit of drinking filtered water for years now.
It just seems safer and less costly than buying bottled filtered water.
It does a great job on my well water, which was good to begin with.
There is always on in the refrigerator and one on the counter at my house.
Water should not have a taste at all and brita makes it that way.
They last for about 2 months when in use, so I still have a few to switch in.
These are what our water pitcher needs and the ones in the store are quite expensive.
I bought these and realized what a great value they really were.
What can I say?  Good filters at a low price.
They last a while and are far cheaper (and perhaps healthier) than buying bottled water in the store.
I am a hundred percent satisfied with the quality of Brita-filtered water.
Who knew such a small product could produce such big results.
I've been using the same Brita filter system for 8 years and it continues to perform as long as I replace these filters.
No more 5 gallon bottle deliveries to worry about.
No more giant cooler using electricity and making noise in my home.
Now I have an elegant pitcher and a simple filter providing me with great water.
I have actually gotten compliments on how good the water tastes.
I am so thankful I can get my filters here at Amazon.
I think I get a pretty good deal here.
We've been using a Brita pitcher and these filters for a few years now, and they do their job nicely.
They are not exactly cheap, but far more reasonable (and sensible!) than bottled water.
Watch out for price variations in the package sizes though.
It can't hurt to check them all before placing your order.
These little babies aren't cheap in the store, but at this price you can't go wrong.
I use it to make my coffee and everything.
They last for 40 pitchers or 2 months each, which doesn't sound like that much but it actually is quite a bit.
I bought these over a month ago and still only on the first filter.
We bought the Pitcher, and like it well enough, and the filters work well enough too.
I've had these pitchers before, but something happened to it and I'm glad I eventually bought another.
I recommend this highly if you have problems with your tap water, or if you have a well(which my paternal grandparents did on their farm).
Much improved taste and believe me it's helped my costs on the bottled stuff.
I prefer filtered water so I don't have to keep a stock of bottled water around in the house.
I've been happy with my Brita filter and find that the filters last longer than expected.
Yes they spill black particles into the unfiltered water reservoir.
Britta water replacement filter it works great no complaints I would recommend this to family or friends.
Lasts for about 3 months.Cons: Slow to drain, must prepare batches of water ahead of time.
Tap water in my neck of the woods is pretty suspect, this product makes it cleaner.
Amazing right? Even Jesus couldn't do that, he just turned it into wine.
I received a Brita pitcher as a bridal shower gift.
I didn't know how expensive the replacement filters were until I had to purchase new; about every 30 days.
4 stars because I have to buy them so frequently.
They say it meets health standards, but it sure tastes nasty.
We've been using these Brita filters for several years and they do a great job of taking the bad taste out of our tap water.
Buying them here on Amazon is considerably cheaper than getting them locally.
If you're looking for bottled water taste from your tap water, these Brita filters do the job.
A good product at making water taste better.Pros:-Makes the water taste better-PriceCons:-Doesn't filter everything (fluoride,etc,etc).
I've observed that it's the tree-hugger types that drink lots and lots and lots of bottled water.
If you laid those 7.3 billion bottles end to end, with no gaps between the bottles, that'd be a *really* long line.
Their current filters do not and I'm not convinced of the safety of flouride.
Bought these from the warehouse, packing was &#34;wrinkled&#34; but the contents were 100% fine with the individual sealed packing intact.
Amazon probably offers the best price on these filters--I've been using these for a few years now and have no complaints.
If you use them in the big &#34;ultra max dispenser&#34; you need to go through filters faster so it's nice to buy in bulk.
I bought these as a gift at christmas time.
As far as I know they worked as intended.
You get 4 replacements for package so you can forget of it for a while.
I started to use Brita because buying bottled water at the discounted box store was taking time, money, while it was not as environmentally friendly.
They work for my slim one quite perfectly.
They are the exact same ones that came with my pitcher that I ordered.
The Brita system is easy to use and cheaper than buying bottled water.
These cartridges can easily be swapped out in a variety of Brita products.
it does exactly as advertised  and saved me money.
i usually get them at Marc s but they have not had them for a long time.
I usually buy my filter replacements on amazon.
I have been using the Brita water system for years and just bought my filters again.
I live on the 17th floor and I don't have to carry water up in the elevator anymore.
Brita's water system is the best way to have good tasting water conveniently located in your refrigerator.
It's more economical to buy these in the package of six.
They arrived on time, product exactly as described, standard filters that fit all the Brita pitchers.
Although, I did notice Walmart can sometimes have them cheaper when on sale.
It still seemed fine and I am of course going to use it but I thought it was worth mentioning.
Maybe I just got a strange batch.I recommend buying these filters from Amazon for their great price!.
I love my Brita water pitcher and therefore, couldn't live without the filters! I find that my water tastes so much better after being filtered.
This is by far more convenient than buying water bottles, and the recycle bin doesn't fill up as quick.
Filtered water tastes better than tap water, as well.
I bought these because for almost two months, past my filter's expiration, I used my old one.
Brita is Better?So take a silly walk over to your computer right now and order yourself a three or five-pack.Better than osmosis.
After many years of use I decided to switch to a PUR filter.
But these filters do a lot for the price.
I always found them to be a good product and did exactly what they advertised.
They just needed to be replaced once per month or less.
The PUR just gets more out and is a better designed product with an O-ring seal and lock mechanism that Brita does not have.
But I still like the Brita, it served me well thes many years.
I just decided it is worth the extra cashe for PUR after doing a head to head test.
It seemed fitting to purchase the Brita replacement filters when I purchased the slim pitcher for my son at college.
He drinks a gallon or more of water each day, so he will definitely be changing the filter.
He loves the pitcher and the filtration system is easy to change and use.
The price can't be beat - I've been paying a lot more in the local stores.
If not used frequently there is a potential problem for both contamination and picking up the taste from metallic piping systems.
These work very well provided you follow the instructions about initially flushing them to get any flakes out.
Use cold water only through them and don't let them completely dry out.
You don't need spring water from Fiji to have great-tasting hydration.
Have used Brita filters for years, along with pitcher!  Good price without having to wait for coupon to buy locally!.
I have been using the Brita Pitcher for years and really like the filtered water, these are just replacement filters for the pitcher.
It is a good deal for the pack.
How can you go wrong with these filters...the price point is a fantastic savings..I purchase them for almost double the price...Happy ..happy....happy...will purchase again.
I use 2 Britta pitchers to filter tap water for my small menagerie.
Which includes 2 puppies, 2 cats, my gecko colony which includes two mating adults and a 6 hatchlings.
So Amazon's filter package is economical and useful for my needs.
Have used Brita water filters before, so the result was just expected.
Where I live, the water is very hard.
a tiny drop of water when dried up will always leave a white circle.
not only does the water taste good, it is also much softer.
Highly recommended.Side note: Although great for humans, my dog prefers to drink tap water straight from the faucet.
not sure why he doesn't like Brita-filtered water...?.
Not much to review here...but Amazon makes Brita more affordable and easily accessible.
We live on the east coast and have WELL water.....which we filter at the kitchen sink first and then into the BRITA.
Much to my surprise the brita system makes the water taste better and it finds other impurities that the main undersink filter left out.
These filters are wonderful - my water takes great.
Got this for the pitcher in my apartment, and they work well.
Cleans the water, what else could you what it to do?.
Get the same things from amazon for less and with free shipping!  Worked into multiple pitchers (even ones make by PUR).
Each filter was airtight when I received them and when I needed to open them.
Be sure to follow the priming instructions!  Also it is a good idea that they are always wet once they are removed from the package.
The activated carbon will not be as effective when they are exposed to air and microbubbles form.
I love this Brita pitcher more and more everyday.
This tree pack of filters makes it even more affordable.
These filters fit perfectly and will last me almost a years.
I change them every three to four months depending on my use.
The pitcher recommends changing every two mouths but I find they last a lot longer than that.
I figure I will save over $400 a year not having to buy gallons and gallons of purified H2O.
The product here does fit the brita pitcher and works well.
Make the horrible water taste a little better.
I will be purchasing this item in the future.
The filters to emit black specks but they stay inside the filter area so it's not a big deal.
I've had the same Brita pitcher since 1994, just keep it clean and buy new filters.
Wouldn't use it if it didn't work for me.
These are the best filters I have ever used.
I have used them past the suggested life of the filter and the water tastes as good as the first glass of water.
It is always best to purchase the name brand when it comes to filters.
I needed one and went to Safeway and they wanted over $5 and that was crazy.
it makes tap water taste, quite literally, scrumptious.
so if you have one of the brita pitchers with the bars that count down to indicate when you need to replace the filter.
replace the filter when you begin to notice your water tasting funky.
like i said, i replace my filter every 8-9 months.
My animals do not like to drink from the tap but they will drink the water that comes from the Brita.
I make quarts daily and use this water for everything,including my coffee and tea.
Match the filter Pitcher well and with reasonable price.
Brita is a good brand for this kind of product!.
The filters last for the specified time and arrive in a timely manner.
I have been using these filters for a while now and I think they work great.
It's big on the 12 inch skillet (obviously) so make sure you're buying the size you need!.
Mesh fine enough so that grease doesn't splatter.
Really does the trick when I'm pan-frying or heating thicker sauces.
Splatter guard is easy to use on both large and small pans, especially with the small 'legs' keeping the guard on the pan.
Easy to wash and flat enough to store with other racks.
Reduces liquid splatter to a mere quick wipe with a sponge.
Now if we can only remember to use it.
Does just what it should and keeps the counter from getting freasy with the little feet.
This costs a little more than most but it is better quality by far.
I like that it has the things on it to keep off the counter top.
I tried the $1.00 store version of a splatter guard before I broke down and invested in this model.
This will last for ages and cleans up great.Highly recommend.
I bought this because at 13" round it is large enough to cover my largest saute pan.
It definitely has kept me from having to clean the entire stovetop after meal preparation and seems sturdy enough to last.
Washed nicely without the rust I've encountered on cheaper screens.
It is replacing the one worn out from use.
Kills the grease splatter while not causing the food to steam.
The splatter guard is well worth the money and since it is dishwasher safe - I found it very easy to use.
If you're really picky about the colors on your equipment in your kitchen then definitely look at my uploaded pic.2.
While cooking bacon some part of a particularly strong splatter got through.
I think this was mentioned in other reviews.
I use it on my 12.5" pan but also my 10".
I want the smaller size too (11.5") but for now this is all I can afford and it more than suffices for multiple pan sizes.
If you're thinking of ultimately getting multiple sizes I say get this one first like I did.
I've been thinking of buying this for a long time and I don't know why I waited.
Good investment and it has already saved time cleaning my stove.
Part of it got burned when deep frying and I was unable to clean the burnt part off.
I tried different cleaning products, baking soda and scouring powders.
I am not sure if I really can blame the manufacturer for this.
I don't know if its logistically possible to resolve this problem.
Just wish it would look nicer, now it looks partially burnt.
These are excellent measuring cups - the shape is unique and allows for easily getting into containers and scooping out ingredients.
It's also very easy to level with them.
They're sturdy and well made, and have helded up very well to a year of use in my kitchen.
I love OXO products but was greatly disappointed by their metal measuring cup set.
I saw these at a local store and fell in love with them.
They are oval so they fit better into containers with narrow lids and they are super sturdy handles that don't bend with normal use.
Yes they are more expensive than other measuring cups out there but they are worth the extra money.
I bought these to replace some old tin cups.
The oval shape makes it easier to get it into a jar.
And they are nice and heavy duty.The clean up nicely and make cooking more pleasant!.
They're also easy to clean up, as food/stuff just slips out when wiped more easily than with plastic and glass cups.
I've gone through so many in the past that have either melted on the stovetop, gotten cup or chipped, or have broken.
I expect to pass these down to my daughter!.
A must have addition to your cooking tools!.
They are very easy to wash so I leave and use them on the ring and they never get lost.
It's very useful to have a complete set that never gets broken apart.The measurements are clearly written on the handles in both standard and metric.
These spoons are good for both liquids and solids.
The spoons are not magnetic and are fairly light.
I bought this measuring spoon set because I needed an extra set.
Cook's Illustrated recommended this set and considers it to be accurate, which is very important when baking.
The spoons feel nice and sturdy in my hand.
They are a good weight and are well made.
I love the fact that they are stainless steel because clean-up is easy and they are dishwasher safe.
The spoons are oval and the handles are long with a tapered tip.
The tapered tip points downward and stabilizes the spoon when placed on a surface.
The spoon sizes are 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon, 1/2 tsp, 1/4 tsp and 1/8 tsp.
The bowl of the spoon is flush with the handle which facilitates dipping and sweeping the ingredients for accurate measure.
Most of the spoons do fit in spice jars but I have a problem using the tablespoon when measuring ingredients directly out of the  jar.
I tried using the tablespoon with Spice Island and Pensky jars and both jars are too narrow to accommodate the spoon.
To measure tablespoons I have to pour the spice directly into the bowl of the spoon.
The other size spoons have no problem fitting into my spice jars.
The spoons are held together by a split ring measuring a little over 1-inch in diameter.
The split ring is large enough to prevent the spoons from becoming entangled when using one of the spoons.
I would have given this set a 5-star rating but I was disappointed the tablespoon does not fit into spice jars.
I was also disappointed the set does not include a 1/3 tsp measuring spoon as included in my other sets.
Although I already had a set of round measuring spoons, I decided to get a set of these because of the oval shape.
The shape of these measuring spoons is so logical for use with spice jars.
I wish I'd had them many years ago, but at least I have them now and am glad I bought them.
I find the oval shape to be much more accurate for small amounts such as 1/8 tsp.
I really liked these nice looking and well working spoons until they rusted after the first wash.
The progressive nesting magnet spoons are the ones I went with instead and their virtually flawless.
Aside from the easy rusting, an excellent measuring spoon.
These spoons are smooth on the edges, and shiny in the inside of the spoon.
I now realize why this is important: the contents come out much more easily.
The handles have a small downward curve at the ends where the ring holds them, making them fit my hand.
I may order a second set for when I do a lot of baking!.
The measuring spoons would make a great stocking stuffer for any kitchen queen.
Perfect shapes for spices whether in a box or a jar.
Yes, the stamping on the handles aren't *quite* as deep as I might like, but really.
These are very much worth the price, and I'm so glad I ordered them.
These are very sturdy measuring spoons that stand on their own, thanks to their design.
However, the set comes with two teaspoons, on is clearly a teaspoon and the other is a mismarked tablespoon.
Fail stamping die operator.Otherwise, exactly what we wanted, just a bad run.
Returning to Amazon, confident they'll send a properly marked set.
Glad to find on Amazon after searching local kitchen stores.
Have needed the 1/8 tsp a couple times.
Love these measuring spoons! They are so easy to level off and fit easily into everything including baking soda/powder boxes.
I had several mismatched spoon sets but these are the only ones I use now.
I just bought a second set of these spoons, as I have been so happy with the first.
Have trouble find quality measuring spoons, so when I got these I was so happy to find they were very durable.
I ordered an extra set too!  Love Stainless steel tools for my kitchen!.
I love the wide, shallow bowls that are easy to scrape things out of (think &#34;honey&#34;) and to clean.
Also love the selection of sizes, down to 1/8 tsp.
They have a good weight, balanced, and nest together easily.
The slightly curved handle is good for opening spice tins or setting the spoon on the counter.
The oval/elongated shape allows them to fit into most spice bottle jars.
Another advantage is the numbers are imprinted in the metal making them permanent.
I miss these spoons -I moved overseas and had to get rid of most of my stuff.
These have a great shape for getting into spice jars.
The wash well (measurements are embossed so they will never rub off) and won't bend.
So, I decided to take this opportunity to try two different stainless steel sets.
I might add that I would not consider anything other than stainless steel.
The only alternative, plastic, can be scratched, and create tiny grooves in which nasty microscopic things can breed.
They can also break rather easily, and melt if dropped onto a hot range burner.
Steel is the way to go.I chose two which were quite similar, but were different only by shape.
Neither had toe OXO rubber covering on the handle.The first was the less expensive, from Cuisipro, with oval measuring spoons.
It was about half as expensive as the second, labelled with the Culinary Institute of America brand.
Cuisipro had the five sizes, adding a 1/8 teaspoon to the four traditional sizes.
It's device for making the spoons easier to hold was a slight curl at the end.
The CIA device for aiding your grip was an indentation along the back half of the handle.
The CIA set had two extra sizes, the 1/8 teaspoon and the 1/2 tablespoon.
I have never seen a recipe which calls for 1/8 teaspoon of anything.
If you are compulsive about always using the same amount everytime you make a recipe, the 1/8 teaspoon could be used for a "pinch".
This also explains the round instead of oval spoon shape, about which I have mixed feelings.
For the tablespoon size, the oval (Cuisipro) has a better chance of fitting into the typical glass spice container.
I memorized them long ago, but if you were not once a chemist, having them printed there is a big help.
In that department, the CIA is preferable, because the metric capacity is only expressed to one decimal place.
The .6 millileters is far easier to deal with, albeit less accurate than the .625 on the Cuisipro.
Both sets are connected at the end with a metal circle.
This is a feature I could never understand.
I generally remove the spoons from the connector immediately.
Who wants to drag around a soiled teaspoon while you are measuring out salt or corn starch with the tablespoon size.
On that count, it is far easier to separate the CIA spoons from its ring.In the end, I'm glad I got both.
Cuisipro better for the larger sizes, CIA better for the smaller sizes and larger goods containers.
These are good quality measuring spoons that fit nicely into the narrower spice jars.
I also like like having the 1/8 teaspoon in addition to the others.
You don't have to spend thousands on kitchen equiptment.
Replace those old plastic spoons, cups, and other worn out gadgets with these new ones.
These are the best!  They are narrow enough to fit into spice bottles, and they will sit level on your counter top.
I love the long handles and the ability to level them much easier.
They aren't quite as nice and the square ones I just bought but I wanted to have a duplicate set and liked the style.
Fits inside my spice bottles, and I love the 1/8th measurement spoon.
Washes up easily, does not stain like my plastic ones.
One was mis-labeled and I took it to a guy around here who has a machine shop with a heavy-duty pantograph.
He properly re-labeled the spoon with the wrong amount on it.
My wife now has a one-of-a-kind nice set of measuring spoons.
These measuring spoons are excellent!  Very well made - heavy, so that they can't be easily bent.
The oval shape is a nice feature - makes it easy to get into small spice jars.
The spoons I have are round so they never fit in the spice jars  - these are oval and thin.
I like these for measuring my Trim Healthy Momma drink ingredients.
These are sturdy and easy to fit in small spice jars.
They have a sturdy feel and are large enough to hold on to.
Also they are large enough so that they don't get lost in my utensil drawer.
In addition to that they are narrow enough to fit in the neck of most small spice jars.
I thought the term smidgen was just a funny word I didn't know it was an actual measurement.
So now I use a smidgen of Stevia and a dash of other herbs I have started to use.
Now I know that there are measurements below a 1/8 of a teaspoon.If you cook you need these spoons.
Plastic ones discolor and the sizing usually rubs off.
Lot of metal spoon sets lack the 1/8" size.
The oval shape of these are also nice for fitting into spice jars.
Had these for 4 years now in frequent use.
They are nothing like the flimsy aluminum set they replaced - they still look new and shiny and straight.
Narrow shape is good for getting into small spice bottles.
I know...it's probably kind of hard to get excited about measuring spoons...BUT.
someone dear to me wanted a new set and these seemed to be the nicest ones I could get for under 30.00.
They are oval-shaped to get into jars, substantial and really nice-lookinf.
I have this set and also buy them for gifts!  Good price and good value!  Easy to use and keep clean.
High quality steel and effective oval shape of bowls make these spoons quite useful.
Wish they came in an easier snap-apart and back-together presentation.
These SS measuring spoons are a nice weight, heavy but not too much.
My favorite thing about them is their shape.
The bowl is rather elongated & wider in the middle instead of short and very round.
I can get down into small jars with these, unlike other measuring spoons I've seen.
Nice that the sizes are etched in the metal, not stamped as with the plastic spoons and will not rub off.
These spoons measure accurately, oval design lessens the mounding of spices atop the spoon, narrow design allows dipping into the sometimes narrow spice jars.
It's a set of five instead of the usual four.
A nice change from the cheap junk offered.
These are some of the best measuring spoons available.
These do the job, and I won't have to worry about the numbers rubbing off after repeated use and washings.
I love these measuring spoons they are awesome the oval shape is very handy indeed to slide into spice jars and what not.
There heavy stainless so won't bend or break.
And the fact that they are stamped with their size is the best.
Do yourself a favor and buy this set if you need a small measuring set, you will not be sorry.
I haven't had an opportunity to use these yet but they are heavy and seem sturdy.
They are just as pretty as I expected.
One would not think that good measuring spoons would be;1.
ARE Great! they are of a nice (heavy) sturdy quality.
I want the best quality for the lowest price.
Honestly, please don't let the price stop you from buying these.
There are others that are much, much more expensive and serve the same purpose.
You could remove them like you would a key from a ring if you want to reach for them individually, as I do.
You could hang them by that ring too.I will buy a set of these for all of my &#34;baking&#34; friends and family members!As.
These spoons fit in my spice jars (except for the Tablespoon)!  They are heavy duty so should last forever for just about anyone.
I love that they are oval and fit nicely into narrow spice jars, which is primarily why I bought them.
I only wish they came with a more versatile ring to hold them together.
This ring can't be removed easily and so is annoying when you only want to use and wash one spoon.
I removed the ring and am looking for something to replace it with.
Good product! The oval bowls are a bit tricky to use (e.g.
I saw these on Cooks Country and had to have them.
I love to cook so these should be really handy.
I like the engraved markings and the oval shape.I do recommend this set if your tired of crappy measuring spoons.
Probably a good idea that they are almost impossible to separate.
Although a little clunky to use when all together, at least this way they're easy to find.
a winner as recommended by americas test kitchen.
These combined with the odd sizes set that fill in the full range have made me very happy.
It's nice to have nice things, especially when you cook and bake a lot.
These measuring spoons feel solid, high quality, and ergonomic in your hand.
The oblong shape is useful for getting baking powder or soda out of the package.
I cook and bake a lot and have 2 sets of measuring spoons in my drawer along with some individual spoons from older sets.
I find myself grabbing for these oval shaped spoons all the time.
They go in and out of my spice jars so easily.
Enough said!  I just wish the handles were a little bit longer.
Saw them on Cooks Country and bought a set.
They are very nice, heavy, and seem very accurate - you can separate them if you want to.
America;s Test Kitchen tested a whole lot of measuring spoon sets from all different manufactures and they rated these this set best.
Said, &#34;You could have the best without paying a lot for them.
Simply the best!Oblong shape fits into spice bottles more easily than round measuring spoons.Strong construction.Sits flat on the table.
They are a quality stainless steel and fit the hand nicely.
The also can be stored separate or on  ring.
I really do like that they are oval shaped instead of round because that shape goes easily into my smallest spice jar.
Great measuring spoons...stay together, the measurement labeling does not wear off, 5 instead of 4 spoons and will last a very long time (I think).
There is 1 TAb, 1 teas, 1/2 teas 1/4 teas and 1/8 teas.
They nest, so don't take up much room.
Throw your plastic measuring spoon set out and buy this.
This product was highly recommended by Cooks Illustrated.
The shipping packaging was way over the top.
They come in a plastic bag and that was in a long paper bag which was in a LARGE cardboard box with packing paper.
A padded envelope would have done.Worth the price.
I especially like the shape as it makes them easy to go into narrow openings.
The feature that I like the most is the cleverly designed handle.
The downward curve of the handle allows the spoons to sit by themselves on the counter without the contents falling out of the spoon.
Can't believe how nice these spoons are for the price.
When I got them, they were so nice I ordered myself a set.
Really like the deep bowls on them, too.
These are very sturdy and I hope they don't disappear like my other measuring spoons.
I like the oblong shallow shape which makes it easy for me to get the tablespoon into my spice jars.
I no longer have to pour the spice out, I can scoop it out this these.They are very well made.
I think we need to get another set of these.
Our only beef is that the set does not include a half-tablespoon spoon, a size that we use often in our cooking and baking.
It does have a somewhat rare 1/8-teaspoon spoon, but we'd rather have a half-tablespoon.
They would make a great little gift for the cook in your life.
The oval shape is really useful for dipping into jars, and find the measurements more accurate than other sets.
Very happy with purchase, and would buy other items from company to try.
Cuisipro Stainless Measuring SpoonsI splurged! I long ago replaced cookware with non-reactive, non-toxic stainless, cast iron and vitreous enamels, and food storage containers with glass.
It was time to enshrine my aluminum measuring spoon set in a kitchen museum from the 50's.
Important feature that surpisingly, not all sets allow.- Fits in spice jars.
Oval shape allows all but the tablespoon size to fit in most jars.
Just a good, well-thought out and very practical advantage.
Much better than trying to shake spices into a tiny spoon.
However, removing spoons from the ring is a major decision as it would take some effort on my part to do so.
I've been trying for a good five minutes, breaking sweat! This will take a tool and possibly someone other than myself to do the job.
I don't want to scratch my new spoons!Cons- Could use even more visible markings.
Still, prefer this to painted markings that wear off with use/washing.
And far prefer stainless to flimsier old-style aluminum that I still own or modern plastics.
Would prefer even deeper engraving for better, easier visibility without eye-strain.
Easily removable ring (which magnets would eliminate the need for.) Wish this set was easier to remove from ring.2.
Magnetic Attraction: Would love to see a set like this one that magnetically sticks to one another to keep them together.
Embedded magnets would mean no more searching for size needed for that recipe.3.
Level handle/spoon so you can sweep the ingredient flat (as these have.)4.
Spoons stand on counter without tipping over or spilling contents (as these do.)5.
Narrow enough bowl to get in and fill up.
(all but tablespoon fits, but that size in other sets don't fit inside jars either, unless your spices are in wide-mouth decorative jars.)6.
No issues here--they feel like they're made well, they don't tarnish easily or anything.
They all mesh together into a small package for storage.
Not the most innovative and new solution, but why fix what's not broken? :).
But which brand is best?After filling nine spoons to level, then carefully weighing the contents, we concluded that every brand was sufficiently accurate.
We measure dry ingredients by scooping a heaping spoonful, then sweeping it to level (a method we call "dip and sweep").
Easy enough -- unless the shape of the spoon hinders either the dipping or the sweeping.
Fat spoons, spoons with short handles, overly bulky spoons, and spoons with raised handles all made this task more difficult.
If cooking,measuring,and limiting the messes you make are important to you then get these.
The spoons are oval and fit into spice jars easily.
Will purchase for my children when they're on their own.
These fall under the category of something that will last forever in the kitchen.
Solidly built, good handles, a shape that allows them to fit into jars and clearly written measurements - that's how!.
What I like best about these is the oval shape that really does fit into tight places.
Remove the chain, as it will rust easily and stain the spoons.
I really like the solid feel of these measuring spoons, and I like the looks, too.
So much more enjoyable to use than the cheap plastic ones.
Well made and simply gorgeous, the Cuisipro Measuring Spoon Set is the most accurate and versatile food prep tool I've ever owned.
It's design allows me access to those narrow herb and spice rack jars.
And it is easier to brush off excess for a level lovin' spoonful.
This Cuisipro Stainless Steel Measuring Spoon Set is a great set for the price.
They work fine and are easy to clean.
A sturdy set, I bought the oval set so they fit  the spice jars better.
most of them fit in spice jars (tablespoon is too big).
no lip, so easy to swipe top to flatten.
I saw these rated on America's Test Kitchen where they came out on top.
They are well made with a thick stainless steel.
The narrow head allows you to reach easily into smaller jars.
Measurements are clearly stamped on each spoon and easy to see.
They are held together with a nice heavy duty stainless ring.
Not the least expensive choice, but top quality and design.
The engraved quantities are clear and easy to read.
A few of the spoons have ugly black pitting.
Measurements (metric included as well) are stamped on the handles.
I bought this set for myself and have been very happy so far.
I like the shape and weight very much.
I've had far too many low quality measuring spoons and each has had its measurement markers rub off.
It's simply annoying and looks ugly.This set looks nice, and because of the oval shape, fits into narrower containers, which is good plus.
Cooks Illustrated recommended these spoons, so glad I bought them.
I bought these to replace some plastic measuring spoons and I am very happy with them.
I can use the to measure hot things and I can place them on the counter and they stay upright.
I bought a second set because I was using the first set so much they were always dirty!.
I have been very happy with these spoons.
They are a nice weight, perfect shape and wash beautifuly.
These are stainless steel measuring spoons which are incredibly durable and good looking.
I bought these to replace some ancient ones I had in my kitchen.
These came recommended by America's Test Kitchen (Can't remember if it is through Cook's Country or Cook's Illustrated).
In any case, these are (dare I say it?) perfect measuring spoons.
My first reaction when I picked up this set was &quot;wow - these feel like professional hand tools&quot;.
They're stiff enough to let you scoop fridge-hardened butter without bending, unlike Mom's nesting measuring  spoons.
These are a natural fit,  making the task easier and less messy.You'll never regret upgrading a  tool you use almost every time you cook.
Treat yourself to a basic tool  that doesn't feel basic at all.
I also bought these because they were Cooks Illustrated recommended.
They are nice and heavy and fit into my jars nicely.
I want another set!!! I have another, cheaper set that I use only as backup now.
It doesn't have a 1/8 spoon either, which I like to have.
I love that I can keep them all together so that I don't have to fish for them in my drawer.
The measurements are engraved into the metal so they won't wear off.
They look great after coming out of the dishwasher too!.
That measuring spoons can stand all by themselves, filled without spilling or falling over.
Easy to hold, level and fantastic to set on counter with a worry.
This is a really nice set of metal spoons.
The writing is etched in, so it won't wash off.
The handles are curved under at the end so that they they can sit on the counter without falling over.
I'm buying both and once I put them together, I think I'll have almost the perfect set.
These are just great! Nice weight, comfortable in the hand, great shape.
I won't ever purchase any other kind! I bought two sets, in case I have a grandchild in the kitchen with me.
The only thing I would change is that they are heavy to lift.
If that is a problem for you, get something else.
I like the heavier construction of these spoons and they have worked very well.
Good shape, strong metal, won't bend, and they fit inside of spice jars.
I was actually looking for a tool that could make german 'spaetzle' first, when I came across several websites showing how to make them.
Hey, since I had a perfectly good masher in my drawer, what would I need a ricer for.
Suffice it to say, I humbly admit how wrong I was.
As soon as my new ricer came I tried it on both spaetzle (ricer comes with a recipe too), and then the mashed potatoes.
OMG!!!  Hello ricer, goodbye masher, I am never going back.
what was I thinking?If you are looking for more than a ricer, then this tool is for you.
It is quite sturdy in it's design and once you get the hang of it, quite easy to use.
The design is fantastic, with a large capacity barrel and a lip that allows it to sit across the cooking pot while you load it.
I made amazing spaetzle with it last night.
The dough slid through the ricer so smoothly into the boiling water.
I can't wait to make mashed potatoes with it.
I also love that it doesn't have holes on the sides.
My last ricer had side holes and I was constantly squirting boiling hot potato bits all over my kitchen.
This ricer really aims the riced items downward into the bowl, which I appreciate.
Absolutely the best potato ricer on the market.
Don't use it just for that, use it to strain blanched spinach, etc.
If you use it only for potatoes, don't bother chopping them.
I have been using this for a year now.
It's stainless steel, goes in the dishwasher without rusting, although a little awkward in there but I manage to open it and it gets clean.
It will also clog it up so you need to keep clearing it out.
You pretty much do 1 potato at a time in this, which is not so good for a crowd, better to use your mixer.
Love it! Use it everyday with medium sized plate.
Pop it in dishwasher after removing the skin and cleaning the holes a little bt by keeping it under running water for a few seconds.
Yep - a ricer is a whole lot nicer--and faster--than a potato masher.
It also fits perfectly on both large and small pans.
Whether you're a beginning cook or a seasoned pro, the Cuisipro is a great addition to any kitchen.
Had one for years and years which was made of hard plastic, last time he went to use it it snapped in two.
So, this is beautiful, made of stanless steel, it's a piece of art, really.
Three interchangable discs enable you to make a variety of food without other accessories.
It worths the price and it is well built.
I also have about every little kitchen gadget known to mankind, of which most get used about once and that's it.
But this potato ricer is really a must have in my kitchen now.
I have used an electric mixer to mash my potatoes for thirty years, but not any more.
Using this, there will truly be completely smooth mashed potatoes.
This ricer is sturdy, 18/10 stainless steel and built to last.
It comes with three interchangeable stainless steel discs for fine, medium and coarse settings.
The fine one is my preferred potato mashing disc.
No more gummy, mushy mashed potatoes with this kitchen tool.
The potatoes come out light and airy without breaking down the structure the way conventional mashers can.
This has quickly become one of my favorite kitchen tools.Very highly recommended!.
Reason: I needed it to press the water out of my shredded potatoes for great hash browns.Short review: Heavy gauge steel.
And yes, I have used this plenty by now and really put some serious squeeze on it.
Holy cow this one (the Browne) is such better quality.
The cheaper one was softer metal (like a toy) and very cheap looking pins.
I have no doubt I would have bent or broken the cheaper one by now.Buy this one as it is Worth the quality.
I didn't know what I was missing until I got this.
You will look at mashed potatoes in a whole new light.
Have had this ricer over five years and could't be happier.
Amazon shipping was fast and Cuispro quality is great.
This really is the best way to make mashed potatoes, would not have it any other way.
It does a great job and gives superb flexibility by providing three disks, each with different size hole, so it is truly versatile.
Took FOREVER to get here from Browne Food Service itself.
My daughter was NOT told it was out of stock when she ordered it mid November!Nice heft to the ricer.
Perhaps a large Idaho potato cut in half.I have only used it once so far, so my review doesn't have a lot to offer.
I boiled some frozen cauliflower in seasoned water then put it in the barrel of the ricer.
(It held about 1/2 the bag of frozen, then cooked cauliflower at a time).
When I went to 'rice' it,  a TON of water squirted up and out of the sides, up into the air.
On the second barrel full I squeezed more gently.
Maybe will have to dump out 'water' in bottom of microwave bowl??).
A learning curve.The cauliflower, riced on the smallest disk, came out light and fluffy.
Can't wait to try potatoes in this.Clean up was a breeze.
And the disks slip in and out easily.
It has 'notches' under the handle to hold it onto the top of a pot.It is long, so it does take up kitchen space.
But I like it so much, I'll find room!Recommend.Took 1 star away because the barrel isn't quite as big as I'd like.
then seemed like an 'i'ts Ok' when you firts used it and then into the junk drawer.
(Darned if I know why they call it a ricer since it has diddly to do with rice.
With this machine however you just dump the potato into the bowl and squeeze, voila.
the potato comes out the bottom and the skin stays in the bowl.
This ricer is nicely made with quality stainless steel that is well finished so there are no rough edges.
I haven't used it yet but look foward to doing that.
The ricer doesn't look as if it would ever develop rust spots.
I used the ricer for sweet potatoes and the texture was outstanding.
The ricer is durable 18/10 stainless steel and the interchangeable plates are a plus.
Even if you know your way around a kitchen and don't have one of these, do yourself a favor and get one!.
This ricer is simply amazing! Comes with 3 discs so you can choose the size of your 'rice'.
We've tried different potato types and even carrots.
Makes even the softest potatoes fluffier - like you're eating air! Can't believe we lived without it this long.
This model is sturdy and easy to clean.
Still, it's a lot better than burning it on a hot plate for 4 hours.Milk steamer/frother works but is a little messy.
This is a fine, easy to use, machine that I'm really enjoying having in my kitchen.
I had never used a milk-steamer before, and found the idea a little intimidating.
at least until the one with the built-in burr grinder arrives.
Love this coffee maker!  Love that I can steam milk easily for a classier coffee when I'm in the mood.
Doesn't take up any more counter space than our old standard coffee maker.
Can't figure out why they discontinued it, its great!.
Easy to use - especially when you watch the video that comes with it.
I didn't have any problems with milk splashing/spurting out as others have mentioned.
I used a normal-sized mug - nothing fancy - and got perfect results.
I guess you can tell I'm impressed with this product, as I've just typed a paragraph about froth perfection!.
We'll have owned it for two years this December.
Otherwise, it's stood up to our abuse, and that's a huge thing.
We routinely go through four full pots of coffee every single day in our house -- and it can be doubled if we have guests.
We are hard on any machine, just due to the amount of use.
This machine just keeps on brewing and frothing.
The stainless steel carafe is a winner also.
This is a great way to wake up!.
Most people will shy away from cappuccino makers, fearing that they are too complicated to use.
Instead, we turn to &quot;instant&quot; cappuccino, which can never be as good as the real thing.
While other systems might be overly complicated, this machine maintains ease of use without compromising quality.
It is also extremely easy to care for.
All I would get was watered-down hot milk and zero froth.
Mind you, the problem had nothing to do with there being "many" parts to the frother.
The multi-part design is very easy to clean and I don't find that you need any special tools or straigthened paper-clips to do so.
All you have to do to keep it clean is to disassemble it right after you use it and briefly rinse it under water.
Most of the milk available where I live is 2% and I simply cannot get any froth with it.
I have had this Capresso coffeemaker about 8 years.
Works and looks as well as it did new.
I saw two general complaints that were common from online user reports.
1) The carafe did not maintain the water temperature, and 2) the frother ceased to work.
The carafe was at room temperature (not pre-heated, as some suggest) when doing this test.
Immediately after brewing straight water with the carafe in the closed position, I measured the water temperature at 189.3f using a digital thermometer.
Coffee, which sat on a hot burner during the brew process.
After brewing, the water temperature was exactly 178f.
So, after one hour in the thermal carafe with no burner contact, the Capresso water was hotter than the Mr.
Also, it is necessary to clean the items after frothing; a very simple and quick process.
Occasionally my unit will not froth immediately even though the steam would blast in an attempt to froth.
After turning the steam on, I simply press the milk container tightly against the plastic piece that connects it to the frothing nipple.
Don't worry if you don't understand this description.
You have to own the unit to know the pieces I'm discussing.
Just understand that with some minor manual jostling, the milk will flow and froth wonderfully!Now, as for my assessment of this coffee maker.
it is the best coffee maker I have ever owned!  I'm knocked-out by the quality of brew I'm getting.
Just as good if not better than commercial coffee houses, because I can make it to my specifications!A few comments on this though.
it took a few weeks for me to figure out exactly how to use this coffee maker so it brews to my liking.
When I brewed my first cup, I didn't care for it.
Keep in mind, this unit brews water quickly through the grind.
It extracts flavor and aroma through heat, not prolonged water contact with the bean.
So, for 20oz of coffee, I'd use three tablespoons of beans.
With this coffee maker, I've learned I need to use one tablespoon for each 5oz cup plus one extra for added body.
I've started grinding the beans on the Espresso setting of my grinder rather than the automatic drip setting.
If you use canned grinds, you have much less leeway.
You'll just have to add much more grind, but be careful!  Don't add too much or it will overflow the basket.
Always adhere to the maximum grind amount Capresso recommends in the documentation.The coffee maker comes with a gold filter.
You may or may not like using the filter; I elected not to use it.
The gold filter allows more oil and particulates into the coffee.
Using paper filters, more of the fine particles are filtered out and much of the oil is kept from leaching into the carafe.
The coffee is cleaner, clearer and not murky.
I prefer using paper, but the preference is highly individualistic.
Change the fineness of the grind or the quantity of beans used and you'll experience a noticeable difference in the outcome of the brew.
It'll take some test runs to determine the quantity of coffee you'll want to use, the fineness of grind, and which filter to use.
I have this thing about buying what I think are well designed coffee machines.
After 10 months we both love the coffee qualtiy, the length of time it stays hot in the carafe, and the convenient frothing system.
The auto timer feature failed and the unit had to be sent back for replacement.
Then the replacement unit arrived with severe UPS damage.
Capresso promptly sent another unit out (arrived in one day) and a UPS call to pick up the broken unit.
So I can commend the Capresso service staff for their prompt and courteous response to my frantic calls.
Overall a well designed, sleek looking, quality performer.
The machine brews a good good cup of coffee in a reasonable time.
The carafe keeps the coffee hot for several hours.This machine is very impressive.
We departed for a while into Bunn and Bosch and Krups but we always came back to this machine.
As said: we bought it in 2007 and it NEVER gave us any trouble.
It is easy to clean, nicely designed (black model), and it did come with full instructions.
The critical test came when grinding for espresso, and the Capresso 551 passed the test with flying colors.
It delivered a uniform and consistent grind which in turn produced a beautiful and bountiful crema on my poor-man's Krups Gusto.
Rarely am I ever this satisfied with a product.
Alas, I will concede that I have only had this machine for a few days.
I've been using this model of the Capresso burr grinder for about four years.
I am bewildered by some of the negative comments I see on Amazon, for they are directly contradictory to my experience.
At home for an individual or a couple, it's hard to imagine a better solution or a better value.
The price is great for a burr grinder.
Mine has been producing accurate grinds without fail for the entire four-year period I've owned it.
Visitors who grind their own coffee have commented that it's comparatively quiet.
It won't dust your kitchen as long as you don't forget to slide the hopper into place (knock on wood).
It does seem that if you ALWAYS use the same grind, it kind of "settles in" to that setting.
It may be a good idea to use varying settings occasionally.
We haven't experienced the problems that others have mentioned in other reviews.
We have had the grinder for 3 years or so.
One caveat:  this grinder is LOUD!  A bit jarring first thing in the morning.
you get an adrenaline burst along with your caffeine!.
Works great! Grinds fast and clean up is easy.
I like this one much better because you can see the blade.
It easier to clean up thoroughly so the grinds don't build up in the machine.
They designed the cord so you can wind it up easily for convenient storage.
The trick is to not overheat expensive coffee beans during the grinding  process and this unit does it well.
This is the best blade grinder I have  found.
I never knew there would be such a difference in taste compared to ground coffee and fresh ground you do on a daily basis.
I would recommend to everyone who wants a fresh taste brewed cup of coffee.
It took me a long time to decide on a coffee grinder.
This item had some bad reviews.I decided to take a chance.
I found nothing wrong with it, once you learn how to get the cap off.
It works great and was a fair price.
Sometime, more often than not, bad reviews can kill a product.
Just goes to show we should find some things out for ourselves.
I have had this grinder for 11 months.
Best feature is the large capacity of the cup.
As you grind you actually get a vortex of coffee.
Bought this based on recommendations from America's Test Kitchen.
You also need a pastry brush to remove the last bits of grounds.
Check out ATK site for operating suggestions: their recommendations work better than the one's that come from Capresso.
This is the perfect grind for my french press.
PROS Grinds coffee beans easily.CONS Ground coffee always sticks to the bottom of the reservoir.
I might buy a child's toothbrush to brush out all the coffee bean grounds.
Fast, but left partial seeds at the bottom.
The lid is too smooth for me to flip open with dry fingers.
After extensive research on the more expensive grinders we decided to give this Capresso grinder a try.
I am admittedly a coffee snob and only use a Chemex to brew my morning coffee.
My organic beans are sensitive and I thought would only take a more snotty grinder but this $20 grinder works just fine.
It takes a quick 20 seconds and enough beans for my 3 cup Chemex are ground to perfection!.
For the money you get a great, consistent grind.
I've really enjoyed the Capresso products that I've used, and the Cool Grind is no exception.
That's why Capresso has a line of burr grinders (the Infinity is my favorite).
For most all other uses, this grinder can do it all.
Not the quietest, but it replaces a quiet grinder that barely lasted a year.
The large capacity makes it less messy because grounds don't collect in the cap.
Is there a really good coffee grinder?  This one does a fast and easy job of producing acceptably sized grind.
Steady pulsing will definitely overheat the grounds while leaving large chunks among powdery material.
The grinder is relatively easy to wipe clean.
High quality product that is easy to use and has lasted for years (still using it today) we use it about 3X per week.
As for longevity, well we will just have to see as it is new.
I hope we have a long and continued happy relationship.Update.
04/30/08  I have now had this dandy little grinder for about 13 months and still am very satisfied with it.
I should have noted on my original review that I don't make espresso at home.
At that time I used a drip and a percolator and the grinder did very well for both.
I now have a french press and it works fine for that also.
However folks keep telling me to get a burr grinder, that especially with a french press I will really note a difference in the coffee.
I could not ask for a better snack maker!  Popcorn comes out perfect EVERY time.
I've used it several times and it still looks brand new!  The popcorn never burns.
I've been on a bit of a quest for the best homemade popcorn.
Trying to be health-conscious, I tried an air popper first (Presto Poplite or something like that) but quickly returned it.
First of all, a little oil is good for you.
Also, cooking with oil gives the popcorn a more crunchy texture.Tips on oil.
Did some research on oils that can handle high heat and went with safflower oil, which I picked up at Target for $6.
I added a tiny bit of salt and some Old Bay seasoning for flavor.
I was used to popping in a pan and lid before, but broke down and bought this and am so happy I did.
I have never ever had even one burned kernel after using this popper.
This product if so worth it if you love popcorn!.
This is a wonderful product and works as advertised.
We make a ton of popcorn in it and it comes out perfect every time.
We didn't realize what we were missing until we tried this.
We've used the microwave popcorn for years and after having popcorn from this, it just doesn't compare.
Just make sure you get decent popcorn to pop and not the cheap generic stuff.
It makes a real difference.We gave a ton of these away as Christmas gifts and the response from the receiver was fantastic.
I've never used the steel one but I'd guess the aluminum one is better.
It is not.The hand crank allows allo of the popcorn kernels to beturned etc.,allowing for more kernels popped.
The smell is wonderful, the taste is more like popcorn, less like cardboard.
While on WW, I need to work healthy oils into my diet and I can do it easily here.
No point spending up to $60 on an electric one because this does the job just as good if not better.
It worked fine, but at some point we goodwilled it, thinking we would just use the microwave when wanted to pop corn.
But we found we liked the stove popped corn a little better, so we bought another one.
I read the reviews which sold me on buying it and I'm glad I did.
It is light weight, but that doesn't bother me at all, in fact I like it.
I just wipe it with a paper towel unless I am making Kettle Corn.
1/3 C popcorn, 1/4 C sugar and 1/4 C oil.
Mix ingredients, pour in popper, cook and stir on medium high heat til done.
We add some salt on it and it's so yummy, my daughter and I eat the whole bowl.
She loves it so much she asked for one for Christmas so I have purchased 2 of these so far.
I haven't popped stove top popcorn since I was a kid...just the horrible styrofoam tasting microwave kind.
Once again my New Year's resolution is to eat healthy, so I wanted popcorn handy when the evening snack cravings hit.
I wish that I had bought this years ago.
Stop buying all that crappy microwave popcorn and get one of these.
Put in four tablespoons of oil and 1/2 cup popcorn and turn the handle.
2001:I was browsing for christmas gift ideas when i stumbled across this little thingy.
I bought it because of the reviews and I have to agree, its incredible.
Does exactly what it says it will do (averaging 3 unpopped kernals per 6 quart batch).
It also comes with a recipe book for flavored popcorns which are also great.
A sure bet as a gift for any occaision, and I'm buying one for myself right now.2008 edit:I absolutely love this gadget.
You have to pay attention to what you're doing.
If you burn yourself, or its catches fire, you're doing something wrong.
Again, this is not the fault or virtue of the popper.
You could go head-to-head with microwave popper and this thing will win, and pop more corn, and leave less unpopped corn on the bottom.4.
I've owned mine for years and year and its still going (see the con below though)Con:It can/will break.
Same as everyone else here, the shaft eventually fails and will no longer turn the handle.
Mine has held up for years ever since this simple fix.
Eventually this will beat up the wooden handle and it wont be as pretty.
Who cares about pretty.I love this thing and suggest you give it a try.
Nor did I want to sacrifice my All-Clad saucepan to pop plain popcorn on the stovetop.
I bought the Whirley Pop on a whim.
It looked quaint, like something in an old Sears catalog.
Turns out, it makes superior popcorn--fluffier than the other methods produce, faster, and with few, if any, stray kernels.
Not that I eat any, well, just a few to sample.
Even you granddaughter was able to make her own with this safely.
We love popcorn as a family watching movies or relaxing on the computer during the day.
I bought it for my husband for Christmas and he LOVES it.
We use it at least twice a week.
This popcorn popper has a simple gear mechanism, turning two wires at the bottom of the pan to keep the kernels moving while they pop.
As long as you use an oil that won't go rancid, this is not a problem.
unpopped kernels), it is very difficult to turn the crank when the popcorn is almost finished and the pot is full of popped kernels.
I used to use an air popper, but then my bowl of popcorn needed 4 Tbsp of melted butter (IMNSHO).
After years of microwave popcorn, I finally remembered why I liked popcorn.
"Stove-top" popcorn is, IMHO, a much better product than the stuff that comes out of the microwave.
I find it to be lighter, have a better flavor, and seem somehow "fresher".
Finally I LOVE the smell.I previously owned a Whirley-Popper, not sure of the model, but looked a lot like this model.
There was no question the old one was built of thicker metal, and had more robust components.
That said, this one certainly works fine, and delivers excellent popcorn.---THE GOOD STUFF* It makes good popcorn.
It can feel a little flimsy, but all you are doing in stirring popcorn, not grinding corn meal.
The pot will dent easily, about the same thickness as those $3 pots at WalMart.
The lid is even thinner, although it is thicker than some of the earlier "tin foil" reviews would indicate.
You could easily bend it in half with your bare hands.* There is really no easy way to store the popper in a cabinet.
The lid/spinner arounder thing comes off, but doesn't really fit inside the pot.
It could certainly be built out of more robust materials, but it would cost more, and not sure I'd really notice the difference.
It makes great popcorn, cleans easily, and generally behaves itself.I have also played around with different oils.
Peanut oil is my favorite, and smells great when heated.
I have also tried cocoanut oil, but it seems to add a slight taste that I don't really like.
Canola oil works just fine, but the peanut oil seems to add a bit of flavor.
Cheapo popcorn from Wally's seems to work just fine.
I was pleasantly surprised at how quick and easy it was to pop really good tasting corn using the Whirley-Pop.
My favorite recipe is the kettle corn: A little sugar, a little oil, and some cinnamon if you want.
So please be cautious: never force the crank, and turn very carefully to avoid putting stress on this somewhat delicate part.
And exercise your warranty rights if it breaks: don't let them lapse like me!.
I received this popcorn popper as a Christmas gift two years ago and it is still going strong.
Mind you I pop corn almost every weekend and sometimes we use it to cook pasta and cream of wheat.
It lasts about a year for coffee roasting with roasting occurring about once a week.
It's the crank that gives out then the pot is retired for use in the garage.
This turned out to be a great Christmas present for them.
It really does make great popcorn - quick, and all the kernels pop.
Also, the ritual of making the popcorn is much more fun.
Finally, we also use it for home roasting coffee, which is a cool hobby if you really love coffee.
I liked it so much that I bought another to actually make popcorn.
Neither of them would be considered heavy duty but they do their job.
Would have given 5 stars if there were some sort of consistency.
Obviously they were both made and assembled in two different places.
It pops almost every kernel and works with very little oil.
The only issue is that I'm afraid to use it on our ceramic top stove so I bought a stand alone burner.
I recommend the Amish popcorn as well (I don't know if amazon sells it).
It looks fragile, but it holds up to my heavy hand.
Just follow the directions, and be sure to season it like they say before the first use.
It wipes out clean.I love the recipes that come with it, and the sample of theater popcorn is awesome.
That way you can clean up the sticky goop in a snap.
Do not even the stuff in those microwave bags (possible carcinogens).
Having said that I was burning every other batch til I got this very affordable fun way to make popcorn.
Does add one more thing to store BUT we make popcorn every other day so for us, it is worth it.
If you make popcorn once every three weeks, I wouldn't add a single use pan.
If you like popcorn alot, get this pan.
Have used it probably 40 times so far and love it.
Honestly, I just wipe it down with paper towels and then fully wash it about every third time.
It is not the easiest pan to wash but I like it so much that this becomes minor (to me).
Gave the first one away to my nephews.
It's true: the popcorn does pop in 3 minutes on the nose.
You can pop 1/2-cup of kernels in it easily.
You aren't supposed to add cheese or other toppings right in the aluminum.
So, that must be done in another bowl (not too much of a hassle).
It can be cleaned with a paper towel - NO DISHWASHER.
I recommend cleaning it before your oil has hardened!.
But, it works perfectly for the job it's intended to do.
We have used ours at least a couple of hundred times.
If you get a little black mark in the pot or on the bottom, just use an sos pad for about 2 seconds.
I love popcorn and have it as a snack almost every night.
When I was a kid, my dad always made it on the stove and I remember how wonderful it tasted.
Every time I tried to make it on the stove, however, I either burnt it or half my kernels didn't pop.
Then, I got the Whirley Pop for Christmas.
Now, I can make perfectly delicious popcorn every time with hardly any unpopped kernels.
It's so easy, it's foolproof and it takes hardly any time at all.
Now I can indulge in my habit without worrying about the junk in the microwave popcorn that I might be consuming.
It's by far the best way I've found to make popcorn.
This is the best popcorn popper i have ever had!  I will only ever own one of these.
They last forever and the popcorn is so fresh!  Just sprinkle a little salt and butter and it's a healthy snack.
but when I saw this little gizmo...I was all woo hoo analog!!!it just works.
its feels a little steam punkand cranks out great popcorn.
yup its pretty light weight as a few folks have mentioned....but its popcorn.
it doesnt need to be heavy.it simply does what its supposed to without any pretense or bs.
I like it a lot!If I had to be an appliance.
In fact, it is about as low tech as you can get.
But do yourself a favor, go out, spend a few extra bucks on gourmet popcorn and have yourself a blast.
It's really nice to be able to use VERY little oil--1 tsp of canola for a single serving.
Popped corn tastes better and is much healthier than the microwaved, chemical-laden stuff.
This popper makes some great popcorn when combined with good kernels, flavacol, and coconut oil.
I'm eating fresh popcorn In less than 5 minutes from the time I set this on the stove top.
It seams flimsy, especially the top part, but I only used it for a couple months now.
Simply makes the best popcorn, does it more quickly and easier than any other way I know.
It is also amusing to operate.This replaced a noisy and messy air popper and disgusting microwave devices.
Give me flames and oil anytime.People complain about the thin aluminum pan and plastic gears.
But, that is how it comes and it doesn't hurt the function.
It transfers the heat very quickly and the popping happens quickly.Keep the heat down.
Depends on the stove, but less than medium is enough.
Don't leave it on trying to pop the last kernel.
A generous sprinkle of corn fills the whole thing up and when you feel some resistance, then slow down the cranking.
Here is a hint: don't put the handle over a burner and, if you do, don't turn it on.
This works for frying pans as well.I agree with the comments that the lid is hard to clean.
And it makes excellent popcorn and looks pretty cool as well.
I thought that I could make great popcorn just using the air popper I've had for years.
I got this and tracked down some coconut oil.
This can make better popcorn than the movie theater, easily.
It can make popcorn with almost as little as a teaspoon of oil.
I can see how others might have a problem with the construction given heavy, continuous use.
My husband is a Diabetic, and popcorn is a snakc he is able to eat and not worry about his sugar.
He eats popcorn at least once a night.
I tried some just to see and he was spot on.
So - MEDIUM heat - gentle cranks, and you'll be all set.
It is well made and will be around for a long time.
It made popcorn very easy and in a short amount of time - about as long as it takes in a microwave.
The amount of popcorn made out of the bag included was enoughf or 2-3 people.
I used to make popcorn the old-fashioned way; on the stove, in a pot, with a lid and shaking occasionally.
I have to say I really like the flavor of the popcorn better in the whirley-pot.
I did receive a "theater-style popcorn kit" with it.
On the directions on the package, it says to put it all in the popper and cook.
On the Whirley-pop directions (which has more instructions and safety warnings than my washing machine), it says NOT to put any salt or flavorings.
My only complaint is that it tends to get gummed up around the hinges and is difficult to clean there.
I've had it for about a year now and it has stood up to heavy use, about 4-5 times weekly.
The money I've saved on microwave popcorn (healthier, too) is well worth the minimal expense of this cooker.
To my mind microwave popcorn tastes too much like styrophoam.
I made for a long time with a covered pan and olive oil, ok but smallish batches and sometimes a bit of burning.
Switched to this after turned on by a friend and won't go back.I usually make with olive and some red pepper flakes.
I've had my Whirley-Pop for several years now.
It's in perfect shape, really looks like new despite a lot of use.
If you yank and throw it around too much (especially the lid), then perhaps it won't hold up.
But as I said, after several years of use mine seems like new.
per popping, which gives a full pan of popcorn.
This popcorn is big, light and fluffy, much better than the others I've tried including Orville R's.
Delicious taste!The important thing is to pop on medium heat or even slightly less, never on high.
Oil and popcorn go in together in a cold pan, heat them up together and when the popping starts, turn the crank slowly.
None of that oily burned on mess you see from the various veggie oils.
You don't need much oil anyway....I use about a tablespoon of it for a 1/3 c.
put in some green coffee beans and your beans taste better than the whole roasted from the stores.
long before Amazon was anything but a river in S America.
Best popcorn popper I have ever owned and I have tried a few.
I can adjust the amount I make from small to over flowing.
I like that I can add butter after its cooked with a few twists of the handle for an easy distribution.
I found peanut oil, not much needed, works the best for me.
Coconut oil seems to burn at a lower temp.
I only rinse it out every few times.
No other popper makes a better bowl of corn--light and plump with very few maids.
And no other popper pops more quickly--the kernels burst in a noisy snap.
Unfortunately when my husband and I retired and moved to a smaller home, I tossed the aging popper for lack of space.
I tried microwave popcorn but found the palm oil taste unappealing, not to mention unhealthy.
Finally after seeing the Whirley-Pop reintroduced on Amazon, I decided to return to my old popping pal, and I am so glad I did.
I have become addicted to Kettle Korn.It is so easy and quick with this product that I ordered a 2nd one for the office.
Two co-workers ordered ones of their own the first time we used it.
(think pack of starving wolves)Highly recommend this product.
We have had a Whirley-Pop popper for years.
I started out with the small one but I really wanted one that made more popcorn, so I bought a big one.
I bought this one for a gift for friends who make popcorn a lot.
This is the first stovetop popper I've ever owned.
When you are ready to clean the Whirley-Pop, you just take off the lid- simple as that.
I always hand wash it.The only negative I see some people having is that the popper is somewhat large.
I keep it in a cabinet under one of my counters and it definitely takes up a good amount of space.
Within minutes you'll have 6 cups of fluffy popcorn.
My mom had one simular to this years ago.
I'm sure it's not the same company but the results are the same.
This is so easy to use, our grandkids enjoy helping me make the popcorn.
It's easy for us grandparents to use too! Makes great popcorn.
We've used one of these for more than 10 years and it never fails us.
We pop on an average of 1-1/2 cups of popcorn kernels daily and it works as well today as it did ten years ago.
It doesn't look the same but that's part of the mystique!We bought the most recent one as a graduation gift for our babysitter.
And already she's raving about it.Seriously, if you try to make popcorn any other way, you're just wasting time, money and good taste.
This is a great system !!  Almost ALL kernels pop into a big plump morsol.
It's fast to use, about 3 minutes for all to pop, which is about the same time as a microwave.
And it is much cheaper to use than the microwave prepackaged bags.
Why poison yourself with microwave popcorn, this popper is awesome.
I have owned 2 in the last ten years and bought 3 as gifts the recipients loved them.
As others have said medium heat crank that baby round and enjoy.
I've never had a problem with the plastic gears, just be gentle! :).
My husband got this as a gift from one of our sons.
We are popcorn afficianados and this just didn't seem like it would do the trick.
Just be careful not to burn your corn.
This is very thin aluminum and conducts heat very well.
Therefore, it will also burn the corn easily if you don't shut the heat off in time.
When the popping slows down, shut off the heat! The aluminum also insures most of the kernels pop.
It is great to use the stove popcorn popper.
I'd been popping corn on the stove and this is a big step up from that.
It will ruin your taste buds for theater popcorn.
You can't figure out how much time the popcorn needs by looking at the clock.
I can't tell how far along it is by how hard it is to turn either.
I was afraid I'd break the gears on top so I turned the fire out way too soon.
It's better if you use their brand of popcorn.
Grocery store popcorn left a lot more hulls and half popped corn.
The aluminum is very thin--that's why it heats up so quickly.
For me it is a little difficult to get the lid fastened down correctly but the popcorn is definitely worth it.
We bought a Whirly-Pop several years ago and have used it regularly ever since.
Works!  A great way to make healthier popcorn.
--- I do not use the 'theater' oils and seasonings.
We've been using this one popcorn popper for years and it's held up well to regular use and cleaning.
Easy to load, pop, and wipe clean with paper towels after it's cooled down.
A little pricier than other oils but we don't use much, and it adds a slightly sweet yet light flavor.
Around here, the kernels are always plump and yummy.
We have made hundreds of batches of popcorn with our Whirley-Pop.
It makes excellent popcorn and leaves very few unpopped kernels.
It is also easy to clean, although it is important to clean the top thoroughly.
Otherwise an oil residue will build up on the outside of the lid.
The one disappointment is that the Whirley-Pop uses plastic gears.
These started coming loose and even coming off after several months' use.
My Mom introduced me to the Whirley-Pop when I was a teenager and I have never been able to go back to microwave popcorn since.
It is fun, safe for kids to help with and makes a perfectly healthy snack.
The Whirley-Pop is a inexpensive way to have a bit of fun with your kids while making a healthy treat.
I'm absolutely amazed at how good the popcorn tastes from this popper!  It's not as good as movie theater popcorn.
I make popcorn using peanut oil and I use a gourmet popcorn.
I also add Jollytime Butter Seasoning to the oil before I start cooking.
The other remarkable thing to me is how fast it cooks.
From the time I add the oil until the time it's finished is about 5 minutes.
Not much longer than microwaver, but way better.
I bought this for a gift, they like it very well, is a little difficult to clean but works well.
Still I really enjoy my Whirley-pop stovetop maker for when microwave popcorn simply won't do.
enjoy this popper as, other reviews have said because it pops each kernal and nothing is wasted and is easy to operate.
I cannot say enough wonderful comments as giving these poppers as gifts.
It last forever, requires very little maintenance, provides entertainment, and makes perfect popcorn every time from a premeasured pouch.
I know this sounds odd, but just wipe with a paper towel and your popper becomes more seasoned.
Salt might build up; just add half the salt from the pouch.
You will never go back to micro popcorn again.
I see that everything is intact the way it's supposed to.
1/4 cup kernels and 3 tablespoons oil on medium heat makes amazing popcorn.
I am amazed at how much I love this popper and there is no other out there.
I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys stove popped popcorn.
I also went to the Wabash Valley Farm site and ordered John's Red Strawberry Popcorn (because it looked interesting) and their buttery topping.
Works great, cleans very easily and makes great popcorn.
It's durable, easy to use and we've had no problems with it.
Microwave popcorn is a thing of the past at our house.
We only pop using the Whirley-Pop since it produces a far superior (and healthier) product.
I enjoy being able to put just the amount of salt and oil that I want into a batch.
If I feel like splurging, I add extra oil.
If I want to be healthy, a just use a thin coat.
Either way, the results are always good with few, if any unpopped kernals.
I use peanut oil and add popcorn salt directly into the mix before popping.
This is a perfect item for anyone who loves popcorn!.
I have been on a popcorn kick and this is a good buy.
It does an even heating so most of the corn gets popped.
Just start off at a fairly medium heat.
At first I was skeptical because it feels cheap and flimsy.
We had been using a really old, large, very cheap, covered stock pot.
It belonged to his grandmother and worked so well because it had thin walls and a thin floor.
It was light and easy to shake and it would build up steam and heat quickly in the aluminum pot.
But it wasn't designed for popcorn and the small handles would get scorching.
The pot will not have to heat up like a heavier pot would.
As the popping begins, be ready as it will finish quickly.
I usually use less than a tablespoon of vegatable oil, such as Wesson canola oil.
It leaves almost no taste and this is very little oil for the amount of popcorn you can make.
It will not look like it has coated the bottom the pot while it is cool.
It will finish popping in about a minute or less.
I think that seasoning/buttering your popcorn is best when it is warm and fresh (unless you are saving it to make popcorn balls).
The lid flops around because of the whirley turner and is a bit awkward to clean, but simple.
It is like tossing a caesar salad.**If you like butter - use butter.
Use small amounts and use the shake method after salting.
Try pouring the melted butter down the sides of the container and add the popcorn and then shake.
This way you avoid some kernels with a lot of butter and other without - unless you want that.
Tossing your popcorn with a little goes a long way for a spicy, savory treat.
Mesquite rubs are also yummy!  Lawrys has several commercial options.**Drizzle the sides of your shaking container with small amounts of ice cream sundae caramel.
Toss in your salted popcorn and shake away.
This will coat your popcorn for a salty, lightly sweetened surprise.
Then toss with a bit of sugar and salt to taste.
You need the corn syrup and oil to help the sugar and salt stick, but use a light hand with all of these additions.
It is supposed to be reminiscent of kettle corn without cooking it in a kettle.Here's to the fun of popping!!.
This popper pops every kernal and gives you the lightest, fluffiest popcorn you'll ever taste.
Never greasy, always crisp and crunchy - well worth your money and time.
Essential for making good popcorn is a stove top cooker.
This is much, much better than the electronic one I had and tons easier to clean.
a gadget i have to have in the kitchen.
He likes the popper, but he is using it to roast nuts.
He likes the way it stirs and for his purpose is happy with the popper.
I was afraid to use this because it was so light weight but I have to say it makes the best popcorn.
Does not burn like I thought it would.
It is so roomy you can make an extra large batch.
I have been back on non-microwave popcorn for a couple of years now, using an electric Stir Crazy popper.
When the teflon started peeling, I started looking for other options, that's when I found the Whirley pop.
I expected something a bit heavier, but I gave it a shot anyway and I am glad I did.
I seasoned the pan, did my first batch with the included sample all-inclusive sample pack of popcorn, and it was delicious.
The direction say that it takes 3-4 minutes, and that is almost right on it.
I'll definitely be getting some good use out of this popper.
This contraption seemed like a curious gimmick...but instead is amazing and the popcorn tastes so good.
IT WORKS! It warms very well on an induction glass-top stove, and pops a 1/2 cup of kernels in about 3-4 minutes.
You can add flavored oils, toppings, stirring is easy and I rarely get un-popped kernels.
Highly recommend to pop those Farmer's Market bags of kernels you may have passed!.
We LOVE this popper!  I love it so much that I nearly cried when the gears on top split last week while making popcorn.
The first one we wore out after 15 years and I couldn't stand being without it.
I had the small one, "Theater Time" for eons.
(You can still make small amounts in the larger size.) I am giving my old one to family friens.
Still looks like the day I bought it.
I would say that my very old one feels a bit heavier and stronger, but I haven't noticed a performance difference.
I have used it both on an electric stove, and a gas stove.
Both produce great results, however it is easier to control popcorn perfection on the gas stove.
I also like this popper, because everyone can "dress" their portion the way they like it.
I know it sounds crazy to wax poetic over a popcorn maker, but this one deserves it.
The Whirley-Pop is a pot-shaped device, with a hinged lid.
The lid has a stirring mechanism that you hand-crank while the popcorn cooks.
You cook the popcorn in a bit of oil while cranking constantly, then dump it out and mix in your choice of salt and/or seasonings.
Because the device gets "seasoned" over time a bit like cast iron, you shouldn't put it into the dishwasher.
However, much like cast iron, it also cleans easily.
I'm a sweet popcorn fiend, and the recipes included with the Whirley-Pop make sweet popcorn a breeze.
In fact, there's a ton of sweet and savory recipes that will make you want to have popcorn a whole lot more often.
The great thing about the Whirley-Pop is that in my experience, it pops all the kernels.
Unpopped kernels are more than an unpleasant nuisance.
I commented on the Wabsh Valley Popcorn Oil and this is the best purchase to make delicious pocorn with it.
Pops quicker than microwave variety, tastes fabulous because it is not sitting in chemicals (look at the back of the box.
Put half serving of the 8oz Great Northern Popcorn portion packs and you will soon have some pretty authentic popcorn for any reason.
We have some during our family night watching movies.
This is the third Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper.
All kernels will pop, if the instructions are followed.My only recommendation is to use walnut oil in the popper, instead of more generic oils.
It adds just a small bit of flavor, and in my opinion, reduces the needed amount of salt sprinkled on the cooked popcorn.
I used to spend $$$ at Trader Joe's on their version, but no more!!  This popper is simple and fast.
You can customize your popcorn by type of oil, seasonings, etc.
The popper lid snaps off for clean up.
I usually wash mine, but a few times I have just wiped it out with a paper towel.
I bought 2 more of these for Christmas gifts.
I got my popcorn popper today and tried it out today.
I was amazed how well it popped and how good it tasted.
I added a tablespoon of oil and the popcorn came out crispy.
Next time I will try it with one teaspoon.
I hope that it will last for years to come.
Can't wait until my grandkids come over and make it for them.
We had an electric popcorn maker and loved it, but when it broke I went back to using one of my pans for popcorn.
My 9 year old was very sad that she couldn't make popcorn herself with it, so I got this.
She can spin it pretty well, but we discovered that while holding the handle (which is necessary) you get hit with splatters.
We found an oven mit though, and she does use this now.
It is a great improvement over shacking a pot the entire time.
I used to have one of these, but during a move it was lost.
I suffered with tough, overpriced microwave popcorn until I recently purchased this.
It makes great, tender popcorn in about 3 minutes, and generally,  all the corn pops.
I wipe the pan with paper towels and it is ready for the next batch.
I wanted one that was not electric and decided on this one.
However, It takes longer than the 3 minutes to pop the corn as described.
But I will continue to use it, hopefully I can do a better job of popping the corn.
Quickly and easily makes perfect popcorn every time.
Our granddaughter loves to turn the crank and hear it popping.
We use Nutiva organic coconut oil and sea salt, and sometimes cheddar cheese powder from Hoosier Hill Farm instead of the salt.
Also great for camping instead of eating half-burned Jiffy Pop, which contains by the way, trans fats, methyl silicone and tert-Butylhydroquinone.
its simple enough for kids and fun to use.
Season first time and do not wash with soap after use.
YOU get to choose the quality of popcorn you use.
Im not sure what popcorn in the end I will stick with as I liked them both.
Bought coconut oil, flavacol and a brown sugar seasoning.Im going to buy these popcorn makers as gifts I like it so much!.
As everyone else has stated, it makes great Popcorn!  Cheaper than microwave and much more flexible.
Vary the oil from a little to alot.
Use the recipe book to make some crazy flavors for adult tastes.
The aluminum is thin but mechanically it is sound if you dont abuse the crank.
It really does only take 4 minutes start to finish for a large batch of popcorn.After exactly two years this thing is still going strong.
No worries about the mechanics breaking at this point.
We make one to two batches a week so thats about 2 cents per serving so far.
cleaning the lid is a bit of a pain but I am lazy.
Being aluminum makes no difference compared to stainless steel in my opinion.
It wont go in the dishwasher so no worries about pitting.
i love this popcorn maker its easy, fast and fun.
i wish i had the hanging butter dripper, even so it makes good popcorn quickly, great item.
This is the original and by far the best stovetop popcorn popper I've ever used.
I love this popper, I have had one for about 6 years and purchased 2 to give as gifts this Christmas the smiles were great.
I think this is a great popper when you use as directed.
I put everything in turn on the stove to med hi and in a few minutes I have great tasting popcorn.
I thoroughly recommend it to people wanting great popcorn.
Chances are, if you made it to my review, you've already read a bunch of others.
It's easy to get good results from, and it's worth the cost.
I've had one of these for about 5 years and love it.
I'm dieting so I use an airpopper a lot.
Convenience likes the microwave popping bags - easy but not the tastiest.
The stovetop popper gives popcorn with the very best texture and flavor in just a few minutes.
Close the lid and shake until the popping starts then crank happily for about 90 seconds until the popping dies down.
Be careful of steam when opening it up.
Enjoy!Caveats - use an oil that is high-heat tolerant.
Have a big bowl handy!Be creative with toppings.
Butter and salt are fine but try parmesan cheese, cajun spice powder, sriracha hot sauce, "Brady Street Sprinkle" from Penzeys, etc.
Good old-fashioned popcorn! It's fun to use and makes great popcorn.
It's easy to use and easy to clean.
I have been using it for almost 5 years now and it pops perfect popcorn every time.
All you do is put a little oil in it (not much), turn your stove on to medium, and turn the crank.
In 3 minutes you will have perfectly popped popcorn.
I don't wash it every time and it doesn't seem to matter.
I grew up with my mom making this for me as a snack after school.
I bought my first one directly from the inventor in Monon Indiana  before it went national.
I was just there buying Spruce Trees from him.
After 21 years and two teen age boys who now have their own children, the handle assembly finally broke.
We used ours three times a week on average for 21 years, so I am not complaining.
Ames great popcorn if you use fresh popcorn and decent oil.
(Though I washed ours once in the last 21 years..and I regretted it ;-).
I have always washed my whirley-pop in the dishwasher.
The first one's lid rusted after several years of this "abuse" and I replaced it when it rusted too much for my taste.
The pot, which never rusted, goes in the bottom rack.
(This keeps the lid from moving around too much.)  The water splashes enough that it gets perfectly clean along with everything else.
It makes terrific popcorn (especially when you buy decent popcorn to put in it) and I highly recommend it.
It's as if my old popper of the 70s suddenly returned.
I don't know what happened to that old thing.
I've seen only a couple of unpopped kernels so far, and I've used it about 7 times.
Setting the stove at medium heat and using only a couple of tablespoons of olive oil works best for me.
The kernels begin popping within about a minute.
This popper is so cheap and so simple to use.
I forgot how good fresh popped popcorn tasted with just a little butter and salt.
My 3 year old son loves to watch Daddy pop the corn and then we all sit on the couch to watch a movie.
As my husband is a popcorn freak this made a nice extra gift for him.
Truly not something you'd expect for your anniversary.
He had been suing the WestBend Oil Popper.
Used in conjunction with the Gold Medal Flavacol Salt.
Easy clean-up on the Whirley-Pop, makes a ton of popcorn,  fewer less popped kernels than the WestBend.
We love popcorn and this is a perfect popper if your follow the directions.
We use Orville's, popcorn comes out light and fluffy and you just swipe with a papertowel to clean.
This is the first time I have ever used a Whirley-Pop Popcorn Popper, but I am already in love with it.
I followed the instructions to the letter, and it worked just like they said.
Medium heat is the key to perfect popcorn.
I have a gas stove, so your performance may not equal mine.
In a few minutes the popcorn started popping and that sound brought me back to when I worked at a movie theater.
My first batch was of the included popcorn kit, and I have never tasted popcorn so good.
This was everything the reviews said it was.
Pops perfectly and quickly, easy clean up, great tasting popcorn.
I loved mine so much, I bought another for my parents.
Rest assured, I'll be buying another if it does.
The only downside I see at the present time is that I eat twice as much popcorn now!.
Several years later, we are still enjoying this classic kitchen tool- you can't go wrong.
We have given it as a gift to others and always recommend it.
I love how easy it is to cook healthy, fresh popcorn with this.
I bought this as a gift for my husband.
We were using a regular pot on the stove and using the shaking method (think jiffy pop) to make popcorn.
We wanted something a little fancier and easier to use.
When we made popcorn with it for the first time, one of the gear teeth broke off preventing further efforts to stir the kernels.
I returned the product for a new one and so far the second one has held up much better.
However, I have to question the plastic gear in the first place.
I am always worried at the plastic will give randomly break again and I won't be able to return it.
But the popcorn that it makes is perfect.
Everything is perfectly popped and nothing burns on the bottom.
If it weren't for that plastic gear, I would find this item perfect.
This popper makes light, fluffy and crispy popcorn without hulls or lots of unpopped kernels.
This is also a great way to have some safe fun with children.
The handle and crank stay cool, so it won't burn little hands.
And the popper makes a generous amount of popcorn, so there is plenty for everyone.
This is a fantastic addition to any kitchen.
It makes great popcorn, even the cheap store brands pop up very nicely.
The first time I used it I burnt some of the corn.
But was the learning experience in which I learned the exact heat setting and just how to judge when it is done.
I have never burnt corn since that time.
This popper pops about 99.9% of the kernels when you learn how to use it.
I do shake it a little in addition to the stirring.
I read a review in which someone reported the bottom has deformed.
I use this popper on an electric smooth top range and the flat bottom is very well suited to it.
I would say the only bad thing about it is that it is manual operated.
While I am very satisfied with it, I am thinking about an electric operated popper.
It makes a lot of popcorn at once, which I love.
Now I don't have to make two batches for my husband and myself - one and I'm done.
My grandson and I love to make popcorn and this makes lighter and fluffier popcorn.
I only wish it were not made of aluminum.
Yes it feels thin and flimsy but it really does cook the best popcorn and never burns.
It is def not as flimsy as it looks.
I hope to enjoy it for years to come as so many others have!.
After going through the electic ones, I had that stopped working after a couple of month,  it seems fine.
It's easier than shaking it the whole time.
It doesn't work quite as fast as the instructions say but that's the only problem.
I bought this due to the fact microwave popcorns packs have chemicals etc that are unhealthy.
Went back to stovetop popping which is fun to do in this and efficient method.
This thing rocks especially if you have the orange coconut oil and the flavacol popcorn salt.
I use my Whirley Pop popcorn popper a couple times a week.
It is so easy to use and makes perfectly popped, flavorful popcorn.
Also, don't forget to grab some popcorn salt (can be found in the baking isle with the other salts, or in the popcorn isle).
It's also a great addition to your kitchen that will not go to waist if you love popcorn.
Just be prepared to never buy another bag of microwave popcorn again.
This makes the best popcorn in the world.
However, it's not possible to get it entirely clean after use.
This doesn't seem to affect its popcorn making quality, just its appearance.
My Grandma and Momma both made us popcorn as kids with a Whirley Pop.
I was so happy go get my own, and used it today.
I don't know what it is about the slow roasting, but it is delicious.
My DH enters the house with a big grin smelling the popcorn in the oven.
You can not go wrong with this Whirley Pop.
Perfect popcorn every time and much healthier and cheaper than potato chips or other bagged snacks.
I bought this popper to replace the one I had worn out.
I pop my corn in olive oil (extra light) and add the buttery seasoning when I add the oil.
It is so much better than the microwave popcorn.
When I wear this one out, I will buy another one.
They have me hooked for life on this product.
After reading reviews on this one and others I decided to go with this one despite some reservations.
I've only used it a couple of times but it worked perfectly on my ceramic stove top.
It is thin but not as thin as some reviews suggest.
It was great overall and MUCH better than microwave popcorn.
I used olive oil and it was fantastic!.
I wish I had tried one of these 20 years ago.
I used to use an old covered 4 quart pot which is good, but the stirring unit makes a ton of difference.
My sister took my first one, my brother took my second one because they liked them so much.
If you want great popcorn at home this is the right unit.
This is the best popcorn maker I've ever used! Makes great popcorn AND has a 25 year warranty - you can't beat it!.
This was a gift to our son-in-law, he loved ours so when they moved we sent him off with a new one.
Some evenings I'll get a text out of the blue &#34;mom, this popcorn popper is the best&#34;.
Made a perfect batch of popcorn the first time out.
Delicious and I don't think there was a single unpopped kernel.
Big improvement over the fry pan I was using before.As other reviewers have noted, the gear mechanism is plastic and looks flimsy.
As the pan fills up, you meet some resistence turning the crank and I was afraid of breaking the thing.
These gears DO have a metal pin going through them, so maybe they will hold up.
I even use mine for kettle corn and get great results.
I was a little leary of the nylon gears but have not had any issues so far:).
Why you'd ever use microwave popcorn after this is a mystery to me.
We certainly won't.Some reviewers commented that the plastic gears break.
In the first use I noticed it got hard to turn at the end of the popping.
I think broken plastic gears are likely from trying to turn it when you shouldn't.Get this popper.
Got away from making my own moving to microwave.
After reading an article about the dangers in breathing in the vapors from the microwave versions.
has to do with the kind of oil, steam and other chemicals, I decided to research the art of making movie quality popcorn.
I wont bore you with all the scientific evidence.
While this is a saturated fat, it is medium chain MCFA.
It got a bad rap years ago when saturated fats were considered unhealthy, bad for the heart etc, etc.
Ive read enough to know this healthier than just about everything else.
Anyway, this is what the theaters use because it makes a crispier, tatier popcorn.
It is true, and if you are one of those people who like to eat it cold, it tastes even better then.
One trick I use to help keep the popper in good condition is to no force the stirrer.
Once it pops, I keep stirring GENTLY, until I get resistence.
I then stir a little and shake a little for about half a minute, then just shake a little more.
Tastes like popcorn used to, before air poppers or microwave popcorn came along.
Which is great! You control which oil is used, the amount of salt, butter other toppings.
More kernels pop than with the micowave bags.
You have to stand at the stove and stir it, but it's worth it.
I didn't care for the packet of flavoring that came with it.
I've always popped popcorn the old fashioned way...big pot, shake vigorously, or pre-bagged microwave popcorn.
Either way, you end up with a bit of unpopped popcorn.
NOT with this gadget!! I rarely even have ONE popcorn kernel left.
I bought a good brand of non-GMO popcorn...Great Northern Popcorn (highly recommend!)...which you can get right here on Amazon, by the way.
I'm sure good quality popcorn is a contributing factor to the success of this gadget as well.
I am very happy with the Whirley Pop.
It cooks quickly, and I haven't had any burned corn.
It also pops all but a couple of kernals using Orviles popcorn.
Well, this popcorn popper reminds me of my grandma's popcorn! So yummy!I got it because I was tired of dry--too dry popcorn.
I shopped around and the best pricewith the best shipping was Amazon--once again!  This would make a great gift for anyonewho appreciates great popcorn.
I bought this popper because I was craving kettle corn.
I did a google search and found that kettle corn can be made at home, all you need is a &#34;whirly&#34; type of popper.
I used the method I saw demonstrated on Martha Stewart's site.
Heat the oil and corn over medium heat until you hear a couple of kernels popping.
Quickly dump in the sugar and continue to stir until the popping slows down considerably.
Don't wait until you hear a pop every couple of seconds.
I made some vanilla sugar to put in gift baskets for Xmas.
I tried using the vanilla sugar to make kettle corn.
To make vanilla sugar:  split a vanilla pod in half lengthwise then crosswise, ending up with four pieces.
Fill a half pint canning jar with sugar (I used superfine sugar) and then nestle the vanilla beans in with the sugar.
The longer it sits, the more pronounced the vanilla flavor is.
The sugar I used had been sitting for over a month.
I was wary of buying this because of the reviews warning about the plastic gears.
But I did buy it because I wanted good popcorn! (And this thing sure makes it!!) I am just careful with it.
I do NOT put too much pressure on the crank.
Near the end of popping, there is just too much popcorn and too little room for agitating.
So I lift the entire pot and shake it to help any unpopped ones filter down to the bottom.
Most kernels do pop that way and I usually only end up with say 10-15 in the entire pot.
So I use it as designed, not as a concrete mixer!I am currently using theGreat Northern 4-Ounce Portion Packswhich are super easy.
Cut the top, dump it all in, and stir.
Medium to a touch higher, but not-high heat.
The packets have the oil, the corn, and the flavored salt already measured for me.
The 4 ounce packs fill my popper to the top.
Sometimes we make popcorn a few days in a row and I don't.
I don't even bother wiping it out! I just dump any leftover "skins" or kernels, and add a new packet.
Usually though I wash the bottom (the top is completely removable) like any other dish.
I don't submerge the thing, and I usually just let it air dry.
If you put it back on your warm stove, it helps dry it more quickly.
Also, the handle is attached to the LID (not the pot) so there is no way to reverse it.
I love this Whirly-Pop! It is so simple and works so well.
Every kernel popped! Clean up is so easy.
I want to get one for each of my kids so they can have fresh natural popcorn too!.
If not enough oil, you will have burn spots on bottom of the pot and cleaning difficult.
I do not wash the popper, I just wipe it clean with a paper towel.
I've had this popcorn maker for a couple of months, and have used it at least a dozen times now.
It's a little slower than the advertised 3 minutes when used on an electric stovetop.
However it still does a very good job.
It cleans very easily after use and produces excellent, tasty popcorn with very few left over kernels.
I was envious of a whirly gig I saw at my daughters so went right home and ordered one along with some popcorn.
The first time I used it I used my flame diffuser underneath and wore my arm out turning the crank, BUT  it worked great.
The second time I removed the diffuser and  it took no time to start popping.
You can't go wrong if you purchase one.
I also purchased the Amish Country Popcorn and every kernel popped.
Put a little oil, salt and pepper in the bottom then add the popcorn and a couple minutes later a fresh tasty treat.
She likes to make kettle popcorn with different flavors.
For best results maintain your popper with the proper care.
There is a correct process to follow before using it.
I recommend this product from Wabash Valley Farms.
I've used this to make big batches of popcorn on the stove.
It works really well and cleans up easy enough in the sink.
Don't put it in the dishwasher, because most cleaning products have bleach in them and will tarnish this metal.
You do not need to waste your money and your poor tastebuds on microwave popcorn at home.
Yes, this product is lightweight and almost flimsy feeling, but it works great.
I have used it for almost a year with no problems.
I use 1/3 cup of popcorn in it.
I have tried 1/2 cup, but it overflows.
I guess it depends on the brand of popcorn you use.
I can't imagine just wiping it out after use.
I also bought one as a gift for my daughter and her family and plan to order another as a Christmas gift for a friend.
It really doesn't take any longer than microwave popcorn (about 4 minutes), and it's so much healthier.
I love popcorn, and like many of us, have used the microwave format.
That is, until I found this popcorn popper.
It uses oil and works on any stove.
Using the hand-crank that continually stirs the popcorn, the Whirley Pop is a stovetop popcorn maker that really works.
Ii is made of aluminum, heats fast, using medium heat, and in minutes, you have popcorn.Season the pan, the first time you use it.
You need very little oil, and you can use the popcorn of your choice.Recommended.
I'm a popcorn addict, and I've tried several different methods, but this is my favorite.
You need to buy popcorn that is fresh so that it comes out nice and crunchy (Whole Food's bulk popcorn is pretty good).
The vent holes release steam which is what makes the popcorn come out nice and crispy.
He doesn't miss the butter, but when we're at home, we add butter, of course!.
It's something like 20 bucks, and worth every penny.
Even if you don't like normal popcorn, you're going to love the whirley-pop popcorn.
It's like a good version of something that's organic.
It really just brings a lot of optionality back onto the table.
It's a great snack, and it's actually really pretty good for you to boot!.
It is thin, but it's supposed to be and it's not unstable thin.
I WAITED FOR MORE THAN TWO YEARS TO PURCHASE A NEW CORN POPPER.
In fact, it would be hard to beat it.
I could not be happier with the purchase of this popper.
We have been buying microwave popcorn for years but the taste of the popcorn from the Whirley-Pop puts it to shame.
I also bought the Paragon Coconut Popping Oil along with this and I can't tell the difference from a good theatre popcorn.
Great product and pops almost every kearnel using just store bought popcorn, nothing special.
I love this and plan on giving as gifts to my popcorn-loving friends and family.
You can use Veggie oil (my favorite), or for more flavor you can use Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO).
Second - if they could only fix that one problem.
Just use coconut oil (1 heaping tbl), 1/2 tsp Flavocol salt, and about 1/3 heaping cup of popcorn (maybe even a little more).
Heat it all up on medium while your kids crank the handle.
Within about 5 minutes, you have movie style popcorn.
Add whatever topping you like, but you don't really need more salt because it cooks in with the coconut oil.
We use this popper about once a week or so.
I'm curious to see how long it will last because it does seem a little flimsy.
We've used it for about 5 months now.
Had another brand, (electric), but dropped bowl lid and cracked it so decided to try this one.
Works great, pops completely, doesn't take much EVOO.
For great kettle corn: 1T EVOO, 1/4 c popcorn, 1T sugar.
Although I would like one which is more solid, it does a great job with popcorn.
love it, good design, pops well, the taste of popcorn is better than the bags popcorn, easy to clean.
I bought it becouse remind mine of my childhoold and wanted the fresh taste of butter.in the popcorn.
The hubber's and I are huge popcorn lovers.
After the microwave popcorn / cancer scare, we switched to the old heavy saucepan/lid method (which is what I grew up on).
It works, but we would still have lots of kernels left or burnt popcorn at times.
After much research we found the Whirley-Pop and decided to give it a whirl.
Hands down, the best popcorn, easy to use, clean and well we LOVE it.
Be sure to read the directions that come with it to make popping and clean up easier and to prevent damages to your pan.
I actually purchased this for my husband because he was ruining my metal bowl making his popcorn the Alton Brown way over the stove.
The Whirley-pop makes perfect popcorn every time and only takes a few minutes.
We use grapeseed oil and whatever popcorn is in the bulk bin at our local natural food store.
We've owned our Whirley Pop for 3 years now and we eat popcorn a lot!  It's still working just as great as the first time.
It makes amazing popcorn - but I learned by trial and error, you have to buy good quality popcorn.
I've had the best luck with Orville Redenbacher brand.
It's much better than Jolly Time or the store brands.
And if you haven't already tried it, coconut oil works great and it's healthier!!.
My parents bought one of these for my husband and I and we absolutely love it! So easy to use and doesn't take long either.
We ended up buying one as a gift for them.
It also allows you to eat healthier popcorn because you add what you want - unlike microwave bags.
It turns color after being in the dishwasher.
I do find that virtually all the kernels pop.
Don't put salt in the pan while it pops...or any flavoring.
These tend to burn and make a mess.
The Whirley part works...but you can get the same effect just shaking it while popping.
I find if I use the turn handle, things stop popping for a bit then start again.
Still, I'd buy it again if it broke.
Bought this set up for my husband and I am so glad I did.
Wabash sells the original Flavacal salt they use.
Pops great and is the perfect batch size.
Still like it though and it does have a 25 year warranty.
If I ever have to exercise that option i'll update the review.
It is a bit troublesome to clean, especially after making kettle corn (with sugar), but the quality of the results are worth it.
I love this popper, but I do wish it were stainless steel instead of aluminum.
When you put it in the sink to wash it out it leaves little metal scratches in the sink.
These need to be scoured out with comet after washing the pot.
They say you can just wipe it down with a paper towel if you use it more than once a week.
It popped every last darn kernel and it was super fast.
Would have given it a five star but it is very lightweight and dents easily.
That's right this is great for roasting green coffee beans.
One I use to make the best popcorn I have ever tasted.
The other one I use to roast the freshest and best tasting coffee I have ever had.
A friend finally talked me into roasting coffee in this popper and it turned out great.
You will need to buy a thermomoter that goes up to 550* which  you can buy at your local Walmart in the BBQ department.
You can find green all over the internet along with compleat instructions on how to roast the beans in this popper.
Be for warned once you roast your own coffee you want go back to preroasted again.
Give it a try it's easy and you can't get coffee any fresher than this.
The quality of the popcorn is so much different than microwave popcorn, I was amazed.
and it is as good as movie theater popcorn.
From start to finish, I can have fresh hot popcorn in less than 3 minutes, and it's gooooood!I'm not reviewing the brand of packaged popcorn.
so I can only speak to the Whirley-Pop.
Not quite as easy to clean as they promote.
you have to reach inside the cooled machine to wipe it out, and there are things to wipe around.
One of those things you see on Amazon that is exactly as represented.
So, we originally got this to roast coffee.
That didn't happen, but only because we immediately started using it to pop popcorn and now can't go back.
Best popcorn in the world!  We love this popcorn.
No exaggeration, this is one of the best investments you will ever make for your kitchen if you have a family/child(ren) who loves popcorn.
Popcorn cooks perfectly EVERY time and you need a lot LESS oil than the directions suggest.
It gets clean this way and I rarely wash it with soap and water.
Since I bought the Whirley-Pop I haven't made popcorn in the microwave since.
Buy some coconut oil and flavasol and you will have popcorn that tastes like it was from the theater but will cost 100 times less.
I didn't like the included sample popcorn kit, but I love it when I use my own popcorn.
Use theWhirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popperto pop the corn.
Put the oil and the Flavacol in the pan on medium heat until it is very hot then add the popcorn and mix it up.
Pop until it stops.This is essentially a popcorn maker which simulates the exact system larger "theater-style" poppers use.
Most of the negative reviews deal with the seemingly fragile gear system which turns the popping arm.
You will learn after two or three pans of popcorn how much corn to use.
This popper solves both those problems.Of course, garbage in garbage out, if you are not using good popcorn you won't get great results.
Many in these reviews recommend a higher grade of popcorn and I agree.
It does make really good popcorn just treat it gently.
The pop corn tastes better than microwave pop corn, and is less expensive.
There is really no need to pay three dollars for three bags of pop corn.
I like to be able to readily name what is in my food before I eat it.
The pan itself is light and thin walled, so I thought it would burn the popcorn.
If you keep the heat on half or less, it still pops the corn quickly and does not burn.
This is a good product and Whirley-Pop has has a very good product line when it comes to toppings and flavored oils.
I have seen this item for years, but when I saw one and tasted the popcorn, I wanted one.
Like other reviewers, the nylon gears are not the best, but overall a great popcorn popper.
I used my last night and it is almost foolproof (read directions first!) and the popcorn was delicious.
A perfect match with the Wabash Valley Farms Popcorn and the Snappy Butter Burst Oil.
It's easy to use...and just the right size for the popcorn serving size.
You can make any variety of popcorn with this popper.
Look for "mushroom" style popcorn for kettle corn and use the enclosed recipe book or use their pre-mixed packages.
No more Jiffy-pop or microwave popcorn for me.
I have not yet experienced some of the problems assoicated with the plastic gears melting noted in the other reviews.
I keep the flame on medium to mediam-low to make sure the pot does not heat up too much.
So because of this, I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
My adult son is popcorn lover and I gave him the Whirley-Pop  for Christmas.
The pot is simple to use and easy to clean.
I don't understand other reviewers claims that the pot is flimsy or thin.
The pot is aluminum and lightweight, but not flimsy.
I put the heat on high to start the popping and then turn it down to medium.
If you leave it on high the popcorn burns and sticks to the bottom of the popper.
I think it would be very good if the popper was made in a heavy stainless steel, it wouldn't be so apt to burn.
However, this being said, it makes great popcorn and the wire stirrer keeps the popcorn moving.
We've used our popcorn popper at least a handful of times already...and it works great.
There's hardly any popcorn that doesn't pop in it.
For so long I have wanted a popcorn popper like this and I finally got one.
We used it the day we received it and it was FANTASTIC.
My brother recommended this and I love it.
It may not look pretty, but the popcorn is terrific.
This is super easy to use and we employ it every day.
Just love it and may order a second.
This is the latest in a long line of trying out popcorn poppers.
Hot air and microwave make bad popcorn, tasteless and tough.
of popcorn, 2 T of butter and about a half tsp.
I couldn't stand it any longerand bought the highly rated Whirley Pop.I followed the instructions to first season the pan.
I then put in 2 T ofgrape seed oil and about 1/3 cup of popcorn.
I bought a small amount of bulk popcorn so that it would befresh.
The popcorn took more than 3 minutes on my electric stove, but Ipopped until popping had slowed down.The smell of freshly popped corn was wonderful.
The popcorn was very fluffyand there were 5 "old maids" in the pot.
That's it!Yes, the pot is thin aluminum; it's supposed to be thin so that it heats upand cools down quickly.
As the instructions say, don't over heat the pot oryou can melt it.
As the popcornstarted filling the pot, it did get harder to stir.
What's not to like about the Whirley-Pop? Yes, the metal is thin and the gears plastic, but this is popcorn we're talking about.
Pretty light stuff that shouldn't stress the pot or gears with proper use.
99% of kernels fully pop light, tender, and fluffy.
On on smooth top electric, I find heating on medium-high until the popping starts and then turning back to medium works well and is faster.
I may try peanut or olive oil to see if it changes flavor any.
Now, who wants my old hot air popper - dry cardboard popcorn guaranteed.
I was unsatisfied with the quality of microwave popping and wanted a new solution.
Three minutes on the stove with my favorite popcorn (Quinn's) and I couldn't be happier.
All of the kernels pop, none burn, and it takes the same amount of time as the microwave.
I love my popper so much that I bought a second for my RV, as well as 2 more for gifts.
We've used this popper for over 5 years and LOVE it.
It makes great-tasting popcorn without the chemicals and artificial smells of microwave popcorn.
We makes lots on the weekends for our family.
I have found that a toothbrush dedicated for this purpose does the job, however.
Once you have Whirley Pop popcorn you NEVER go back.
I feel so sad when I eat microwave popcorn at friends' houses.
All of these fall far short of a Whirley Pop.Not only is it tasty, but it is fun.
It's the perfect start to a movie family night or a snuggle in front of the fire.The pot is easy to maintain.
We simply wipe the interior clean with a paper towel after use.
The teeth on the wheels wore out.If you didn't know, coconut oil is by far the tastiest oil to cook popcorn with.
If you love good Movie type popcorn then this is the piece of equipment that you need.
I have use one of these for years and finally had to replace it with the one I just purchased.
I completely wore out the bottom of my old Whirley-Pop popper.
I make a lot of home popped pop corn and this popper is the only one to have.
I have been using this for quite some time now and overall it is a very good popper.
Just be sure to follow the directions and not use too high of a heat.
I use this everyday and will continue until I wear it out and then I will purchase another one just like it!.
This could only be better if it cranked itself (without using electricity) and washed itself.
As much as I use this, I expect that the apparently plastic gears will wear out.
They appear to be standard gears that are easily replaced from local suppliers, at least here in metropolitan Houston.
We have changed as much as possible to organic products.
This takes our organic popcorn and in minutes cooks it to perfection.
We don't use a microwave to pop corn any more.
It's the only way to make kettle corn without burning it.
I haven't had a whirley pop since I was a little kid, and I loved it then, I still love it.
I've always wanted one of these but they seemed over-priced in the stores.i saw in on Amazon.com at a very good price.
its really great.almost every kernel pops.its very fast, it makes a good amount and its guaranteed for 25 years when you register it.
the only drawback is the lid has very sharp edges, you can easily get cut which means children should not use it.
other than that i love it and use it all the time, real popcorn is way better than that air-popped stuff!.
I'd never heard of a Whirley-Pop and got it for my popcorn loving wife as a stocking stuffer this past xmas.
I've gotten air poppers, electro/mechanical poppers, and a particularly deep wok so she could make her popcorn in the past.
This is by far the best with no close second.
Although, I would not recommend their branded popcorn.
I am an overwhelmed mother of 3 teens and one big German husband.
I buy big organic expensive but tough meat and this baby cooks it up fast and TENDER in no time.
Angels protected her from 3rd degree burns, I am sure of that.
That pressure cooker may as well have been a 10,000 psi nuclear reactor, I was THAT scared of it.
I did so much research prior to buying my Fagor and I'm glad I did.
The roast was a meager 3 lb chuck and it took me 25 minutes to make it in this wonderful pressure vessel from God.
Thank you, Fagor, I can have a life now.
That's much less time than driving through Boston Market and I'm not getting some over-processed salty preservative-rich overpriced roasted fast-food quality chicken.
BTW Miss Vickie's cookbook is a MUST for the new pressure cooker user and I thank God also for you, Miss Vickie.
I bought this Fagor Pressure Cooker about a month ago after being encouraged by a family member who frequently uses a pressure cooker.
I've used the pressure cooker about 6 times so far and am delighted.
Of course, washing and chopping vegetables still takes some time, but after the initial prep, the  cooking time is remarkably fast.
The pressure cooker is also a great way to save energy.This pressure cooker is quite sturdy with a very heavy bottom.
I can't imagine why anyone would need to spend more money on a different brand (but I wouldn't recommend a cheaper brand).
I'm thrilled with my new purchase and am looking forward to preparing many more creative meals.
I have only used a single pressure cooker.
This pressure cooker was recommended by Cook's Illustrated so I purchased it.
My first use didn't work because somehow I didn't get a good seal and I didn't really know since I had never used it before.
I tried it with water to see how it was supposed to operate.
My second cooking attempt was not a good meal though not due to the pressure cooker.
I am still hoping to have a successful meal.
I do think that it is a pretty good device.
But the old relics that looked like a saturn 5 rocket blasting off, but this is the most incredible tool i have ever seen.
The seal and the pressure system leave you without fear of explosion.
They recommended the 6 quart, but I am far more preferential to the 10 quart.
It has brought speed back to cooking without flavor or texture loss.
It is truly a cooking partner that i can't imagine doing with out.
I bit the bullet and went for the Fagor 8 qt.
water trick as mentioned in manual; pressured for 15 minutes, and it looked like new again.
So, I was a little skeptical about buying a pressure cooker.
I've heard so many horror stories about them blowing up.
I read an article from America's Test Kitchen about new pressure cookers and how well they work and how they no longer explode.
I thought I would give it a try.
I've used it several times and love it every time.
I've recommended it to a few people also.
I got this for my girlfriend and had never used or even seen a pressure cooker before this one.
I read some of the negative reviews and am not sure what these people got.
but the one we have does not have any nonstick in it.
Now if I can only convince my GF to not cook on high when using it.
but she insists that's how she's always done it and it's fine.
Who am I to question, her food is always better then what I can do.
I am a very accomplished cook, and this has really become a time saver in my kitchen.
We never had any explosions that I've heard other speak of but with this pot, there is no way to screw it up.
This is an excellent choice for a mid-priced pressure cooker.
This indicates that it is at the pressure selected.
Other new pressure cooker designs are silent and release only the merest hint of steam unless they are over-pressured.
Correct pressure is maintained by adjusting the hotplate in reference to a visual gauge.
This design requires even less water for the production of steam - especially advantageous when cooking for extended periods, and minimizing condensation in the kitchen.
I've had this Fagor pressure cooker for over 3 years and use it frequently for cooking, only once for canning.
It is extremely well made and has been a star performer.
As my first pressure cooker, there was a little bit of a learning curve.
It also requires a bit of wrangling since it is a large capacity and the stainless steel makes it heavy.
I have a smaller off brand aluminum one with a rocker gauge but it cooks unevenly and I always drag this one out instead.
If you are a serious cook, get the Fagor in this 10 qt size or a smaller size.
I purchased one for my daughter who is in culinary school.
We use it about 3 times per week.
We like the stainless steel over the old aluminum version we had prior.
Stainless maintains a really nice finish for much longer than the aluminum.
But....we paid a lot for this pressure cooker - 4 times more than cheaper aluminum version we owned.
The aluminum one lasted 3 years before it's lid parts broke.
But it was cheap (on sale) and worked fine so we definitely got our money's worth from it.
Was it worth paying 4  times the price to get this stainless steel version? Not really...but it is nice to have the stainless steel look.
I am only guessing, but I bet after 3 years the cheap plastic parts of this one's handle mechanisms will also break.
If the plastic parts on this one hold up for 5 or more years...we'll stick with the higher price of this type of model.
This is my third pressure cooker, purchased on impulse after searching online for quick, heatlhy, tasty recipes.
I stumbled across an ad for the Fagor pressure cooker, read about it online and since Amazon's price was so great, decided to buy it.
I reviewed the instruction book and recipe book (which has a lot of good recipes), and watched the DVD which I found very helpful.
and found that this is the easiest, not to mention, the quietest pressure cooker I've ever seen or used.
Purchased this specifically for canning on my induction stove top and used it for practice on a simle asparagus soup recipe.
Easy and very tasty!  I was apprehensive about using a potentially dangerous cooking implement,  I even had to stop the process and add an ingredient.
I've NEVER used a pressure cooker before.As a kid my step-mother used one for canning and frying chicken.
We use it several times weekly, and the lid has remained very smooth and easy to put on and remove, despite lackluster cleaning.
Our previous Chef's Choice cooker was never as smooth, and got worse after we boiled lentils over many times.
This one appears to be handling that a lot better.
I have used it mainly to cook roast or corned beef.
It does a great job of cooking these large cuts of meat thoroughly and quickly.
I do these each for 1 hour, then let it cool down naturally.
When the pressure's down, I usually put in some vegetables and let them boil in the juice for about ten minutes.
It's quiet when you have the temperature down to where you're just maintaining the pressure.
The handles are solid, the whole pot is solid.
The extra handle on the opposite side is great.
The lock when it's under pressure is very good.The biggest problem I've had is that sometimes the lid doesn't seal and hold in pressure.
This is when I first put the pot on the fire and bring it up to the right temperature.
Every time I've undone the lid and redone it and it sealed perfectly.
It's not really a big deal, I just need to watch it until I know it's up to pressure.
Then I start timing it.The only other problem is that I usually do need to use a brillo pad to clean it.
I guess it's a problem because so many other reviews say it's so easy to clean.
I also clean well around the underside of the button that pops up to be sure it doesn't get stuck.
I oil the gasket every time I wash the pot.
That's about it.For cooks new to pressure cooking:You want the pressure button up, that means the pot is under pressure.
You also want steam coming out, that means it's up to the pressure you chose and is releasing steam so the pressure doesn't increase.
If the button is up but no steam is escaping, the pressure may be lower than what you have chosen.
Adjust the heat so the steam comes out continuously, just a little bit, for a quiet cooking time.
If it's steaming a lot but the button isn't popped up, you don't have any pressure inside.
I can steam corn-on-the-cob in minutes!  I've had great results with vegetables and canning jellies.
I use this pan for blanching vegetable to freeze and for cooking pasta.
For years I've owned a celebrity chef brand electric pressure cooker but rarely used it.
I had to use the preset cooking settings with no ability to customize them and it was--and remains--very hard to figure out.
I have complete control over the interior temp and the cooking time, no longer at the mercy of preset cooking programs.
It also comes with a steamer basket and steel trivet, both of which I've yet to use.
This surplus liquid diluted the flavors of the pulled pork dish I cooked in 25 minutes.
And for the money, you won't find a better one.
Thank you America's Test Kitchen for recommending it.
I'll be using the Fagor for years to come.
As for the celebrity chef brand electric pressure cooker? Gave it to my grad student daughter.
Maybe SHE can figure out how to use it.***Update As Of 4/11/14***This has become one of my favorite appliances in our kitchen.
Haven't had one bit of problem with it after making about 10 "Pressure Cooker Perfection" recipes and a few from other books.
I love this pressure cooker not only because it performs so well, it makes pressure cooking fear-free.
New to pressure cooking, but with it's expansive instruction and recipe booklets - I am very happy with this product.
Pinto beans in three easy minutes??  Thank you!  Any blips so far have been a result of my own learning curve.
If you're looking for a good stainless pressure cooker in a reasonable size, this is it!.
I hadn't used a pressure cooker in years when I bought this product.
My husband had read the reviews about it on America's Test Kitchen and brought it to my attention.
We also looked up a video about it on UTube  and decided to order it.
It's well made and really, really easy to use.
I am well pleased with it and really glad we bought it.
I grew up on a farm and my mother used a pressure cooker all summer long to quickly cook fresh veggies and for canning.
I initially was shopping for a pressure cooker so I could can/preserve produce that we will be raising in our garden this year.
But when it arrived, I wanted to try it out.
Food cooks more quickly in this pressure cooker than the microwave, and really tastes good.
I haven't used it for canning yet, but I can't imagine that I will have any problems with it.I love this cooker.
I DO use the steamer basket that came with it quite often, so I would recommend a model that comes with one.
Food is moist and never dry, and flavors seem to be infused.
It's wonderful!  And there are so many cookbooks out there to help you with recipes.
I was also surprised at how much quieter they are now.
This 10 Qt Fagor Pressure Cooker has become one of my favorite pieces of cookware.
I can cook bean soup from dried beans in an hour or less.
I can cook tender, tasty roasts from the less-expensive cuts of meats with only 15 to 20 minutes of pressure.
I really like that it is easy and safe to use.
Ten quarts gives enough room for a generous amount of whatever you're cooking.
LOVED it - with a few presses of the buttons I could walk away and show up a few minutes later and have a meal.
Didn't love the teflon, which I swear scratched if I just looked at it funny (used only wooden utensils, still scratched mysteriously).
Turns out, to ditch the teflon I had to ditch the push button simplicity.
It's taken me a year to muster enough courage and take the plunge for a "grown up" PC.
It is sadly made in China but appears to be high quality (it is possible).
Oh, sometimes the little yellow indicator sticks UP, so it looks like it's at pressure but it's not.
It doesn't stick DOWN, and it only did that after I forgot to OIL THE GASKET and a lot of steam had escaped around there.
My son-in-law loves the fact that he cooked a whole chicken in 15 minutes and it came out moist and flavorful.
He'll be using this on a regular basis.
What can I say, it's a pressure cooker.
This is a great pressure cooker, easy to operate and extremely well made.
Head and shoulders above the old jiggle top cookers.
I would recommend this cooker to anyone interested in cooking under pressure.
you don't have to worry about plugging the steam escape with Fagor.
Fagor cookers also reach a pressure of 15psi (which is important.) Unless a brand advertises that they do reach 15psi, assume that they don't.
I suggest getting an extra gasket when you buy the item as you will need one at one point (they don't last forever).
I must also compliment the company on its service.
I bought this item, and sent in a rebate form (for a free stock pot).
They sent me a nice paella pan by mistake.
I was satisfied, however I called them to make sure that there was no mistake.
I had a Kuhn Rikon and still have a Presto pressure cooker.
The Kuhn Rikon design is a real pain if you have an electric stove.
It is probably almost acceptable if you have a gas stove.
The Fagor models work equally well on either type stove.
Also, along the same lines, the Fagor and the Presto designs are much more forgiving.
You better plan on watching a Kuhn Rikon very closely -- especially on an electric stove -- but also on a gas range.
It can get to an over pressure situation easily.
Granted you will likely just blow out part of your gasket (the safety measure) if you get distracted.
The Presto uses a weight on top of a vent pipe -- this combination is called a jiggler valve -- to regulate pressure.
To regulate pressure with a Kuhn Rikon you basically watch a rising spring loaded pressure indicator and adjust the heat as needed.
Gas heat is more quickly adjustable than electric.
On the Fagor Duo there are two spring compression settings.
You can cook at 8 psig or 15 psig.
15 psig is the normal setting used for most pressure cooking.
The Kuhn Rikon is built like a tank and it is an interesting design.
I just don't like it as well as the Fagor's and I am a both a mechanical engineer and I cook for a hobby.
I'd like to think my opinion is an informed one.
I can make an excellent quality braise or stew for dinner on a work night.
It cooks legumes and whole grains in twenty minutes.
I used it on a camping trip at elevation above 6000 feet (1900 meters) and it cooked pasta and white rice in five minutes.
It is sturdy enough that it traveled well.
I have pressure canned pint jars with ease.
My husband has been using a Fagor 10 Quart Elite for over 3 yrs.
making delicious melt in your mouth pot roast, ribs & beef stew in healthy 18/10 SS.
It also came with a convenient SS steamer.
The Duo had good reviews, while at the same time not being outrageously priced & still having same options as expensive brands.
It comes w/2 separate pressure settings expanding cooking options.
So far no safety issues, + easy to use!.
I was a bit concerned about buying and using a pressure cooker.
However, this seems to have a ton of safety features, is easy to use, and is pretty easy to clean.
The lid is not dishwasher safe, owing to the components on the inside you don't want to damage.
And then the gasket does hold on to some scents rather tenaciously.
However, I've not had a problem with that smell affecting my other dishes.
We have had our pressure cooker for years and it is one of my wife's favorite kitchen tools.
You can really speed up your cooking time and also make great meals where the meat and vegetables are cooked to perfection.
We use this on all types of meat like beef, pork and chicken and it makes the meat just fall off the bone.
It is a great way to cook the meat and then shred it for BBQ or to make Mexican enchiladas.
She cooks hers for 45 minutes and then makes gravy with the remaining juice in the cooker.
It is a great and fast meal with a lot less trouble.
They love the speed at which it cooks and the great flavor of their meals.
For my grandson's graduation party she cooked pork loins and shredded it into bar-b-cue pork and had a nice party for family and friends.
The meal was fast and easy to put together and everyone loved it.It is easy to cleanup and get ready for the next meal.
It helps make fast, easy and great tasting meals that cook using less energy and time.
What else could you ask for?If you cook for a large family or simply want a faster way to prepare meals this is the answer.
We love our cooker and we recommend it to you!.
I purchased it with the idea of cooking dry beans quickly, and it works well for that.
I can take dry black beans and ~20 minutes later they are ready to eat.
I look forward to using it with lots of other foods.
The instructions are clear and the cooker is well made.
I grew up with one of the old weighted jiggler pressure cookers, and this thing was just a revelation.
There are 2 pressure settings; the low one is similar to the old cookers, while the higher setting is like putting it on turbo.
It's also very nice just having to turn a knob to release the pressure, instead of trying to prop up the jiggler 'just enough'.
It comes with a steamer basket and a little stand to place under the basket.
All of it is well made and works wonderfully.
I bought it because reviews rated it the best.
I have used it for over a year and would purchase the same model again.
I asked for this for Christmas this year, and just tried it for the first time.
I have done canning in my old aluminum pressure cooker, but it was not suitable for cooking food.
Nope! I needed to wait past that point,.
Having a lot of fun with this pot, and the cookbook mentioned above!.
I had been delaying buying a pressure cooker because I was afraid it might hurt someone in my home.
Then when I was seriously considering getting one for some cooking that specifically needed pressure, I chose Fagor for its stainless steel construct.
For cooking features, I love the thickness of the metal (heats evenly), the two pressure settings, and the easy pressure release setting.
I was afraid to cook with a pressure cooker, never having used one before, or knew anyone that did.
There's so many recipe's I'm going to try, even a will give the creme Brulee recipe in the book a try.
It's a win, win to cook with this pot.
I did a lot of research before purchasing, and even returned more expensive models before I purchased the Fagor Duo 8 quart model.
Pressure cooking opens up an entire new arena of possibilities and saves so much time.
Duo Combi set.) I've been looking for a high quality stainless steel pressure cooker that I can afford.
Amazon's prices and promo discount made this possible.
Nothing like my old aluminum pressure cooker I had 20 years ago.
And I do cannning in pints in this 10 qt.
This is a nice quality pot for what little it cost.
The gasket looks pretty sturdy and should last quite a while.
It is remarkable how low you can turn down your burner heat and still maintain the pressure.
I cannot believe that I have gone so long without one in my arsenal.
Now, just BANG, done in less than 1/2 hour and have a taste, flavor and texture that is unsurpassed.
(had to read some really fine print to find that little gem).
That there are not more people using these out of all the friends I have who think they are chefs, I am amazed.
About eight years ago I purchased the Fagor Duo 8-quart pressure cooker and have loved using it since my purchase.
The pan is made of heavy duty stainless steel which cooks evenly and foods come out tasting like they are supposed to.
No off tastes just well prepared food.Once the pressure cooker reaches pressurization the cooker quietly  cooks a tasty meal in minutes.
You can check with Fagor to confirm this.Another plus is the ability to rapidly depressurize the cooker by turning the the knob to steam release.
Although I hardly used it, it is nice and heavy.
I had some trouble knowing when to adjust the temperature, but that is because I am not used to a pressure cooker.
Tried so many cooking things bought from Amazon based on review.
This is one of those old technology that actually works well in modern life.
We were looking for a decent stainless steel pressure cooker without spending a ton of money.
I find this style of pressure indicator MUCH easier to use than the old "rocker-top" style cookers.
With it's build quality and 10 year warranty it should give you many, many years of great service!.
Purchased the 8 quart Duo after electric Nesco cooker died after only a dozen or so uses.
This cooker is solid and well constructed with a nice heavy bottom.
Pop-up button makes it super easy to tell when cooker is up to pressure.
First tested the cooker by boiling water and found that it lost very little liquid.
Love being able to release the pressure by running cold water on the lid.
Think Miss Vickie's recommendation to stay away from electric is spot on.
I bought this pressure cooker for smaller portions, such as 3 to 4 freshly harvested sweet corn from my summer garden.
Would have given five stars, but it is a bid pricey.
This replaced an 8 quart Presto that is at least 40 years old, maybe more.
There is only my husband and I, but I do still cook for several family or friends sometimes so I stayed with a large one.
I like that the handle has a slide button that locks the lid on.
So, now I have 3 options for cooling it down.Using this pressure cooker was such a piece of cake compared to my old one.
I had no problem dialing down my electric burner and keeping the pressure up, easier than with my old one.
I didn't think it was going to be so big.
Definitely invest is some pc books.My only real complaint is that the seal is tempermental.
Sometimes even though it is sealed properly, steam escapes.
So I have to seal and reseal time after time.
I am pleased with the quality, the ease of use, and even the recipes provided are good.
First impressions out of the box:A very nice, mirror like finish on the outside and brushed finish on the inside.Nice heavy base.
It doesn't shift.Manual and cookbook that comes with are very niceThe strainer on the 6qt does not go to the top.
I think it takes a bit of extra time due to the heavy base.Releasing pressure is very easy.
I think this is one of the best features.
This was rated highly by America's Test Kitchen which is why I bought it and it hasn't let me down.
I bought this after watching my cooking shows and had never used a pressure cooker before.
I was always afraid of the horror stories of them blowing up.
You may see that called for in recipes.
Had been using other brands...this is the best kind...does not leak or is messy.
I have always been terrified of pressure cookers.
I love it! I feel comfortable with the safety features of this one - so much better than the jiggle-top WWII-style my mother owned.
I make all types of beans, soups, roasts, etc.
in this and it's really fun to experiment.
I bought this on a whim seven years ago next month.
I thought it might be a good long-term investment.
And I could not have been any more correct.
It is perfect.Other reviewers have said that it arrives broken or it's flimsy.
I use this 3 to 4 times a week.
The pressure gauge is very accurate.I purchased replacement parts for this thinking that I would need to replace the gasket at some point.
This is my first Pressure cooker and I think I made good choice getting this one.
Save me so much cooking time and easy to use and clean.
Good cooker but the handle and all the guts to the pressure valve are made out of plastic.
If the cooker is stored above a stove or in an oven where it gets hot the plastic will melt.
I experienced this and it costs almost as much for the replacement parts as the cooker did when it was new.
I don't think that the cooker was built to last but to sell.
I purchased this as a hostess gift for a girlfriend who says she uses it all the time.
Makes the best chicken soup; can be used to broast chicken in just minutes to a golden brown.
Easy to care for, and great tasting meals in minutes!.
Just started using this easy yogurt maker last week and I am amazed how easy it is to use.
Use 2 tablets but you must grind the tablets into a powder form.
I like adding slice banana's and a touch of chocolate syrup on top.Have fun with this..highly recommended!.
If you like yogurt, you'll use this product.
I got this as a re-gift at a post-holiday party and decided to give it a try.
That way, I can use yogurt for cooking and for breakfast.
However, the Salton is good for frozen yogurt and that's better to make one flavor per batch.
The flavor is better (I was dubious, especially after I let my first batch go too long for my taste).
The ingredients are easy to get ahold of and you can be as imaginative as you want.
The results are consistent from batch to batch.
This gadget produces high-quality, inexpensive, healthy, tasty yogurt.
If that's something you want, you should try a yogurt maker.
The Salton is reliable, easy to use, and not too expensive, so it's the yogurt maker to try first.
It took around 5 attempts to get what I wanted.
The consistency of the finished yogurt is not uniformly creamy--but the flavor is mild  and divine.
I tried adding powdered milk to thicken it, but it produced a yogurt with an off tate, to my palate.
The Salton is a simple, inexpensive gadget, easy to store and clean.
OH!  I LOVE THIS THING!I have used four yogurt makers in my lifetime.
My mother made yogurt, and I inherited her maker.
It was simply a large pot with a heating element riveted to the bottom.
One had to use their own jars, and it worked fine.
Upon its demise, I found a Salton that had plastic containers, which sat in openings in the base.
Oh boy, what a joy!This Salton is light in weight, compact in design, and cute.
And this baby puts out some great yogurt.
At five hours, I have a mild yogurt, that is firm, and very easy on the palate.The price is wonderful.
I actually paid less than the currant price because I caught it on sale here at Amazon.
It's worth twice what I paid for it.
Buy one, you'll love it!A few minor tips: Do use fresh ingredients as instructed in the recipe book.
It will probably not be ready yet, but may be within 30-60 minutes away.
Yogurt gets more sour the longer it incubates.
Follow the directions for heating the milk religiously.
If it isn't heated enough, the enzymes in the milk (I think that's what it is) will prevent proper thickening.
You must NOT let the milk come to a boil.Don't be afraid to use some extra dried skim milk in your yogurt.
I use 3/4 of a cup, and the yogurt I get is of superior texture, and very nicely firm.
DO NOT beat the ingredients once you add the yogurt you've used as a starter.
Mix them.It's almost impossible not to get good yogurt with this maker, but it can happen.
Just make sure you're following the directions properly, and that everything is nice and fresh.
The little spoon that is included is kind of funy.
my mom has one and so im still giving it a 5 star because it works.
i did not want to put this much money on it and so i make my own.
This will prevent your milk from burning, and you should only have to stir it occasionally.
If you cannot do this, and must heat the milk directly, be sure to monitor it constantly, stirring all the while.
Let the starter yogurt sit at room temperature while you're waiting for the milk to cool.
This will prevent it from being too cold when you add it in.mix about 1/4 cup of Fage yogurt in with some of the milk.
then add to rest of the milkwrap in old (clean towel).
Put in your over  -- Turning only your OVEN LIGHT on.
(DO NOT TURN OVEN ON- ONLY THE LIGHT)leave over night and then put in the refregirator in the morning.
Followed instructions and made the best yogurt I've eaten.
Used a Greek yogurt starter with a 1% plus milk.
It is easy to make yogurt using this.
There has to be another similar machine that does this same thing.
Basically it works like a crockpot but the temperature is set at I believe 110 degrees.
This isn't rocket science...I am surprised this product was discontinued and now has become a commodity.
Shop around and see if you can find something similar.
I would make sure that you can find a yogurt maker that can make a quart at a time.
I would have given it five stars but this price hike is nuts!.
Yogurt is my main source of calcium b/c I am lactose intolerant.
Plus, all that plastic waste, generated by all those cups.
!!Buy it!  You won't be sorry.10/2009 **just noticed there's a new insane price on this:  $199.99???  Not worth it.
It's normally about $20 and I bought it on sale here at Amazon for $9.99.
I made several batches of great tasting yogurt using this machine and each one turned out fine.
Each batch was made using an envelope of starter though which could get expensive.
Also I like that I can put the inner container with its own lid into the 'fridge.
Replace the plastic insert with a wide mouth 1 qt mason jar.2.
Skip the scalding phase if using pasturized milk.4.
I know that inflation is high , but $12.99 to $100,000 is ridiculous.
I'll sell mine for only  $50,000 -  is anyone is interested - a real bargain.
I cannot say that this machine is a "no brainer" because it isn't.
I had to try various approaches befoe I was able to get good yogurt.
Live yogurt didn't do it for me, so I am thinking that store bought yogurt isn't as fresh or "live" as claimed.
I can't always make it there (40 min.
away).The quality of the yogurt depends more on the type of starter you use.
Bulgarian style is best for custard style yogurt...the kind we're used to getting at the market.
Other types of bacterium will produce more of kefir type of yogurt.
Don't blame the texture on the machine...it's all in the starter.
The machine has nothing to do with any of this.
My favorite stater come from the Baker's Catalog (King Arthur Flour Co.).It's also important to have a thermometer handy.
I use one for espresso to check my temperature.
This is a must, as bacterium have to grow at the right temp.
It's also important to preheat the machine as directed, and allow your milk to cool down to 120 degrees before putting in the machine.
The machine does the job of "babysitting" your yogurt till it's done.
It will not boil the milk, or make up for a bad starter.
But I know it's good for me!  So I thought, well, hey, I'll try making my own.
And now I'm a convert!!I think what I objected to with the store-bought varieties was the texture - too "slippery" a mouthfeel.
It makes a quart at a time instead of those little individual cup thingies that some yogurt makers use.
It's a small enough piece of kitchen gadgetry to tuck away in a cupboard when not in use.Thumbs up!Char.
I wasn't sure about whether this would be a big enough yogurt maker for me, but I was wrong.
The only drawback to it however, is trying to get used to the container that the yogurt is made in.
ACTUALLY, I TRIED TO GIVE THIS ITEM A FIVE-STAR REVIEW, BUT THE FIFTH STAR REFUSED TO SHOW.
But for safety sake you should check w/ your vet.
first, since I am not vet.This product is so reasonably priced at Amazon that it is money well spent.Ginny.
I have made yogurt now 4 times in my Salton yogurt machine.
The first time was too tart as I let it sit for 7 hours.
You will need a good thermometer to do this, I have a candy one that works great.
I then set it in the warming element of the yogurt maker and come back 4 hours later.
Put it in the fridge and the next morning you have yogurt.I add my own berries, wheat germ etc and a tiny bit of sugar.
I made absolutely perfect yogurt the first time with this unit!!I added 1/2 cup powdered skim milk, per recommendations, and paid close attention to temperatures.
While you don't need this to make great yogurt it certainly helps to keep things neat and clean.
I've had mine for 5-6 months now, used it every few weeks and have had no problems of any kind.More than worth the inexpensive price.
It makes flavorful yogurt with no babysitting hot water baths.
I also put the cooled yogurt in a coffee filter to strain out more of the liquid.
This makes it much better when adding berries and such, It stays thick.
Also, it really needs the extra thickening of adding powdered milk.
I like: 4 cups milk, 1/3 cup powdered milk, 1/3 cup yogurt, 8 hours.
I can make fresh yogurt all the time.
I purchase some of those little freezer jelly containers.
I fill the bottoms with whatever fruit, jam, syrup, nuts, or whatever and then just fill them up with the finished yogurt.
This is really nice as I never have to run out of yogurt.
As I speak I bought a yogurt cheese maker and have some draining in the refrigerator.
In fact I just ordered some sweet yogurt culture on the net.
I have found 3 different varieties by Googling..the reg, Bulgarian and the sweet.
I use this yogurt maker quite often, and it is durable and easy to use and keep clean.
It makes a nice amount of yogurt for a family which likes to eat a lot of yogurt.
It is so easy to make your own yogurt with the Salton YM.
We eat a lot of yogurt, and I was feeling guilty about throwing out all of the plastic tubs from the grocery store.
Compared to store-bought yogurt, homemade yogurt tastes better (fresher, sweeter, smoother, softer), has no artificial ingredients, and I can control the amount of sugar.
It is thinner than most store-bought yogurt, but the milk powder helps to give it some body.
It is perfect for eating with fresh fruit and granola!Here is what works for me:1.
Mix 4c organic 1% milk + 1/3 to 1/2 c dry milk powder in 4c glass measuring cup.
(note: use slightly less than 4c milk so that it will fit into the 32oz plastic tub later)2.
(I measured the temp and it was ~175F the first two times I made yogurt - I no longer do this each time.)3.
(Again, I measured the temp the first two times and no longer do this.)4.
Pour into a 32oz plastic yogurt tub (leftover from previous purchases of store-bought yogurt), put the lid on and place into the Salton YM.
(I do not use the plastic container, lid and weird spoon that came with the Salton YM.
The 32oz plastic yogurt tubs fit into the YM and are great for storing in the refrigerator.
I tend to make several batches in sequence, so it is easy to put the next batch into the YM once each batch is done.)6.
Leave in the Salton YM for 4 to 16 hr, depending on how tart you want the yogurt.7.
It appears that only "Ultra-Pasteurized" works to go directly into the yogurt maker without heating.
I have since learned a bit about pasteurization and the ultra-pasteurized is heated to higher temps to kill bacteria and extend shelf life to months-long.
I will only use the "Ultra-Pasteurized" now since it is most convenient and does not dirty any extra dishes.
I still use the yogurt maker weekly and love it!.
I have been making my own yogurt for nearly forty years.
The Salton YM9 Yogurt Maker is far and away the best.
Because the yogurt is made in one large (one quart) container rather than in individual cups, filling it is a snap.
Its wide top makes it almost impossible to spill.
I then had to clean each cup individually.
My three previous yogurt makers all had glass cups for the incubation of the yogurt.
This was annoying, to say the least.For ease of use and overall efficiency I highly recommend the Salton YM9.
I've had mine for five and a half years, use it twice a week, and have had nothing but success with it.
I hope it never breaks, because I don't think I'll find something better.
This yogurt maker makes the perfect batch and in the right amount for our small household.
This is one appliance that really does pay for its self very quickly.
Makes one or less quart of good yogurt.
I have made it with both my own starter and with purchased dry starter.
The maker's footprint is very small, an important feature in my galley kitchen.
Works great, but I just don't have the patience to monitor the milk.
Works great and keeps the cleaning up to an absolute minimum.Don't pass up this cheap little machine.
It costs half as much as the other yogurt makers, is more convenient and takes up less space.
Salton did a great job on this one.Update: several months later, and I've been using this great little machine several times a week.
It's still working perfectly, but I've experimented some more and gathered some information from yogurt-making friends.
I had been making my own yogurt for some time, incubating with hot water, a insulated cooler, etc.
It worked, but was time consuming and you had to babysit the jars of yogurt...this is much easier.
Keep in mind you still have to scald and cool the milk before adding starter, it doesn't do that for you.
As other reviewers have mentioned, you can use a wide mouth mason jar as a supplement or to replace the plastic container.
This little yogurt maker is small, so it doesn't take much storage space.
My yogurt always comes out perfect, and I always follow the directions exactly.
The yogurt is creamy and delicious, and clean up is a snap.
As everyone has said, this product is great, well built, and it works.
It actually takes a bit more than 4 cups of milk, which is great.
Anyway, this way I can make a batch and put it directly into the fridge and then make another batch right away.
I tried making a batch, with 1% milk, using just my pro-biotic pills (which have all the good bacteria you find in a good yogurt).
And it worked pretty well, but was a bit runny, as compared to using the same milk and 1/4 cup yogurt as starter.
I've also found that letting the thing go 24 hours doesn't make the yogurt too tangy, for me, but I don't mind tangy yogurt.
Having said that, not sure if it really was any thicker at 24 hours than it was at 12 hours.
Now trying some soy yogurt made with soy milk.
Also added 1/2 c dried milk, and used some yogurt as the starter.
Anyway, it's all an experiment, but even the runnier stuff makes a great drink.
The whey is way full of protein and other good stuff.
I just mixed it with some sugar and drank it - it was good, tasted like kefir, or any other yogurt drink you might buy.
Seems a shame to throw it out if you're straining yogurt.
This way I don't feel so bad about straining it, since I know I'll drink the whey.
Oh, and the strainer everyone recommends works great too, and was easy to rinse, thank God :-).
The price is inexpensive and a must for making easy yogurt.
I made it manytimes setting in the oven but that is too time consuming.
So now afterpreparing the yogurt it is placed in this container for as many hours asI want and it comes out great.
For the price, I cannot complain one bit.
There are better yogurt makers but you pay a lot more.
And I can't imagine messing with a bunch of jars.I recommend reading the other reviews for their ideas on making great yogurt.
Here's mine.I have made 4 batches of yogurt.1st with Cuisipro culture packet from amazon.
A cross between sour cream and cream cheese.
You can use this for anything you need to strain and regular siever/strainers are too open.
Where have you been all my life?There are various recipes for yogurt everywhere.
Mine is based off the booklet it comes with:1 quart (4 cups) milk, and almost boil it.
milk, just yogurt, someone used probiotic tablets)Then put it in the yogurt maker and make a mental note of the time you put it in.
4-5 hours is best if you want less tart.Then I take it out and let it set until I can get to it.
Then separate out 1/2-1 cup for the next batch, put some in the cheese maker and forget about it.
The Salton's lid comes off too easily for me, too.
The stirring spoon seems pretty unnecessary.Give homemade  yogurt a try! It's really not hard and it's a lot of fun.
I've found that using 28oz of 2% milk + 1/2 cup of powdered milk works best.
Also for the best yogurt the milk + powdered milk mixture should be scalded, 7 minutes in the microwave works well.
Here's how to make great yogurt with the Salton YM-9 Yogurt Maker.I live in California, so making fresh yogurt is simpler.
Why this high a temperature?  It's to kill any competing cultures that might have taken root in the milk.
The cold starter yogurt will drop the temperature enough to be right on target.
Pour the milk plus starter into the container, cap it, put it in the yogurt maker, and pop on the lid.
But if there's anything else amiss with the flavor, you need a different starter with a better balance of live cultures.
Shop around until you find one you like.The only thing wrong with this yogurt maker is the funky container cap, which doesn't lock into place.
I have made repeated batches of yogurt with this machine and every one has turned out perfect.
This is an upgrade from the old Salton yugurt maker that I had back in the olden days.
After a few moves from house to house, it went missing, and I've always wanted another one.
I've got two little kids and I wanted to start while they were young.
My two year old is a rather big fan of yogurt and we were going through a lot of it each week.
The cost was getting a little crazy and the amount of sugar in them well that's just crazy too.
I didn't think the price was bad at all.
Ouch! The only downfall is the time it takes to make so you're unable to get instant gratification!.
This product is incredibly easy to use and only takes as much planning as it does to go to the grocery store.
I know I'm getting a superior product and saving money at the same time.
Clean up is a breeze and the flavor and quality is suburb!.
just made my first batch and the yogurt came out loose, with curds, like cottage cheese and very tart.
Used a good starter from health food store.
What did I do wrong?  I want it creamy and not tart.
Also where can i find recipes for flavored homemade yogurt?.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness for any dairy recipe.
Bacteria or other microorganisms you are inviting to the party can make off flavors, goopy results.2.
Yogurt is thickened commercially with dry powdered milk to add body to the product.
American milk from Holsteins is thin and lacking in protein.
Adding dry powder milk puts back in the casein that sets up to make a nice creamy, thick yogurt.
If you aren't lucky, the result will be liquid milk but spoiled.
Make sure it's fresh, however.I like my yogurt plain or with apple and sunflower seeds stirred in.
But feel free to flavor yours with apple butter, jam, fresh berries, honey.
Kids like it with whipped strawberries or blueberries and maple syrup.
I have found that this quart yogurt maker produces more consistent yogurt than the model which contains individual glass cups.
I cover mine with a tea towel to reduce drafting or changes in the exterior temperature and it has always rewarded me with delicious yogurt.
I do begin with a new purchased yogurt every 6 to 8 weeks just to freshen things up.
Be sure to place this over a bowl and check the bowl regularly since the liquid will fall quickly from the yogurt.
I often use the whey in recipes, too.
After that bad batch, because I buy the 32 oz.
To protect the Salton plastic container, I heat the milk/dry milk combination in the microwave in a large Pyrex mixing bowl with a handle.
I also plug in the Salton heating unit to warm it up.
I use an electronic thermometer - once set, it beeps when the milk is at the right temperature.
After adding the yogurt to the cooled milk, I pour it into the Salton plastic container.
Because I have always done this, the container is still like brand new.
Every friend I have introduced to my homemade yogurt has wanted to make their own!  And it is sooo easy!  Try it, you'll like it!.
I was skeptical after reading some of the reviews.
I used 5 grams Cuisipro Donvier Yogurt Starter (one packet, only) and 32 oz.
whole milk following the directions on the back of the Cuisipro Donvier Yogurt Starter package.
I ran the Salton YM9 1-Quart Yogurt Maker for 7 hours to incubate the yogurt.
I think this is the best tasting yogurt I have ever had.
I make two batches at a time because I basically replaced ice cream with yogurt and make frozen smoothies with fruit.
I have used store bought yogurt and packaged starters with skim milk and powder milk to thicken.
The greek yogurt is my favorite because of its thickness and creaminess.
My yogurt maker has already paid for itself and I paid almost full price for it.
I love to eat and serve my family organic yogurt but it is sooooo expensive.
I can make a batch for a fraction of the store proce by using organic milk.I don't know why everyone uses a different internal container.
I have only had one failed batch and it was my fault.
I agree that the spoon is fairly useless but so what?  You don't have to use it.
We just use a wooden spoon to stir.I cannot recommend this little gadget enough!.
I never imagined how much I would love this machine!  Yogurt is easy to make - delicious and smooth.
You can make it thin (like a smoothie) or thick.
For a sweetner, I either add jam or syrups that you would typically put in coffee (torani).
I love yougurt and this is the ideal machine.
A one quart nancys yougurt container fits in the base, or the zip top plastic containers.Using one quart containers makes it soo easy.
Yougurt in eight hours, its that simple.I tried soy milk the other day, and it was stunning.
I have read that Dannon plain works also, but try and find a store that sells plain yougurt!.
Making your own yogurt is easy enough for an older child, and the machine pays for itself in less than three batches.
I initially thought I could just heat my milk to body temperature, rather than heating it to scalding and letting it cool.
Then I realized the scalding was to kill harmful bacteria or bacteria that would keep your culture from growing properly.
Hmm.If I'm in a hurry, I put a folded dish towel on top of the lid on the machine.
Most of the time, I don't bother, and the yogurt is ready for the fridge (not for eating!) in about six hours.
How do you tell it's done?  Time, for one thing.
After most of the alloted time is up, remove the covers on the machine and take a look.
The bubbles on the top of the milk should have broken, leaving little craters in their wake.
Then tilt the whole machine, plastic yogurt container and all, an inch or two to the side for a look.
This makes a delicious and inexpensive breakfast.I prefer to keep my yogurt free of mix-ins until just before I use it.
That's because I use plain yogurt in cooking, to give sauces a sour cream like punch or use it as the base for a dip.
Again, you get a product that's just as tasty as store bought for 1/4-ish the money.
In my area they have stopped recycling plastic and I didn't like throwing away plastic yogurt containers.
The yogurt maker works great and now I have learned to eat yogurt without sugar or flavoring.
In my area I can't find plain yogurt so I bought the starter.
I like yogurt cheese to spread on bagels and the yogurt takes the place of sour cream in baking.
I have made six batches so far with no problems.
This also enables me to make more instead of waiting for the container to be empty.
That being said, this is a great product.
I still like it but doubt I would pay the $124.99 it is priced at now!.
with this little cutie !  I was a bit intimidated after reading the instructions in the owners manual.
So after reading a few times more, I set out to make some yogurt.
I placed the yogurt in the fridge over night and woke up to a very nice surprise.
I look forward to finding recipes and making more yogurt.
If there was a 10 star rating I would have chosen this.
I would absolutely recommend this yogurt maker and would purchase again.
It's not perfect, especially the spoon which doesn't seem to do anything.
But, for the price, I really cannot complain.
Keeps the temperature constant for making yogurt, or germinating brown rice.
No on/off switch so you have to umplug it when you're done, or use a switch plug between it and the wall outlet.
this is a perfect, inexpensive machine that facilitatesa simple and natural process.
you fill the container withscalded or UHT milk, add a yogurt starter, plug in the machineand wait.
I can't belive how easy it is to make your own yogurt!  I love this machine and use it weekly.
This is a great yogurt maker--compact, and very convenient and easy to use.
I bought it to replace a yogurt maker that had individual cups, but that other yogurt maker was messy and inconvenient.
It was hard to fill the individual cups, and I never seemed to have all the cups empty when I wanted to make another batch.
The longer you culture yogurt, the tarter it will be.
You don't need to add powdered milk, and you only need about two tablespoons of starter yogurt.
You just need to heat the milk to about 185 degrees F, then cool it so it is between 105 and 110 degrees F.
Bought this yogurt maker based on price and reviews and I was not disappointed.
Wow!  All I can say is that it is so easy.
Also, took a reviewer's advice and bought some glass canning jars so that I can have another batch ready before current batch runs out.
The plastic container included with this machine is nice, especially with the included spoon.
All in all, this product is well worth the price and works exactly as stated.
This is the greatest little machine ever made.
Usually when the yogurt is through processing, I add fruit to make a drinkable smoothie!  So nutritious and tasty.
Use it for sour cream, dressings whatever you desire.
Our whole family is 'sold' on the Salton, thanks to one of my son's who tried the Salton first.
It does exactly as it claims to do - create perfect yoghurt - simply by maintaining a clean environment at constant optimal temperature.
It is so good that I have purchased several as gifts.
I just made the best yogurt I've ever tasted - even better than the (delicious) Brown Cow yogurt I used as a starter.
There's definitely something to be said for freshness.
Definitely easier and more fool-proof than the old oven method.
I have been making yogurt in 9 quart batches in an old canner until now, adding hot water every hour etc.
My friends like it as we make it from our own raw goat milk.
Never again!! This thing is great! I'm telling all my friends to buy one if they want yogurt.
It was so nice to put in a batch, go out to plant the garden and have yogurt in 4-5 hours and it was perfect.
I am so excited!!I have never sterilized (pasturized) my milk as it reduces the nutritional benefits of raw milk.
Because I have my own milk I know that source is reliable.
You should never use raw milk unless you re sure the animals are healthy.
This small appliance makes a good batch of yogurt, but I wish the inner container was not made of plastic.
The yogurt maker will save you money if you buy lots of organic yogurt!.
I have tried many yogurt makers, this is the best.The Easiset thick lush delicious yogurt1.
whole milk+1/2 cup alba calcium fortified dry milk( you can use any powdered milk.
Heat in microwave until 175 degrees approx 7 min on  High.(check your microwave of course for shorter or longer time))3.
Add the starter mix to large container of cooled milk, stir.6.
Pour milk into Yogurtcantainer that comes w/ set.7.
Make sure you let it chill, gets thicker...and you won't believe your eyes and taste buds at the thick yummy yogurt!No additives, sweeteners, strange thickeners.
I make every two days, can't keep it in the house, everyone waits for new batch.
My husband has colitis and this is saving him!The price beats all on this appliance!.
It is very easy to make - 5 minutes prep then into the warm chamber to make the yogurt.
I made yogurt many years ago and didn't care much for it.
Thought I would try it again with this Salton quart-sized.
This time I got a good thermometer and started with a culture I really liked in the first place.
and, I like it thick, so I drain it for a couple of hours to get rid of some of the whey.
Now I'm making a quart twice a week for me and once or twice a week for my daughter and grandkids.
Can't say too many nice things regarding how easy it is.The yogurt is great with fruit and honey, nuts and jam.
great as an Indian food side dish or ingredient.
I'm even using it as a sour cream substitute and I like it better.The yogurt maker is simplicity itself and a snap to clean.
Hint:  just make sure you get a good thermometer to heat up and cool down your milk to the proper temperatures.
This little simple incubator is great for making regular yogurt.
You can though, leave the upper lid off, and then it works ok, if you watch the tempurature.
It has a self regulating thermometer, which this unit does not have.
We mixed in some berry jam and natural sugar free sweetener (stevia), then topped it with fresh sliced strawberries.
It tasted like an exquisite French dessert and I can see why immigrants to the USA complain about the yogurt.
It's very important to NOT boil the milk.
Then you have to let it cool at room temp or in the refrigerator until it reaches 100-110 degrees.
Anything over that will kill the yogurt cultures that you are about to add.
Then you take 1/2 cup of starter or plain yogurt with live active cultures and a bit of the milk and stir.
Then that gets added to the saucepan of lukewarm milk and the entire thing is placed into the preheated yogurt maker.
At that point you let it sit plugged in for anywhere from 4-10 hours.
I went with 5 hours and 50 minutes since I do like it just a bit tangy & well set.
I also used whole milk, so you may need more time with non-fat milk.
Be sure to save 4-5 ounces of this for starting your next batch of yogurt.
There is no need to buy starters if you do this and use your homemade starter within 5 days.
You can also just defrost the starter in your refrigerator or at room temp.
I currently use my oven timer to let me know when time it will be done.
There was also no recipe book, which I was really expecting as all my small appliances come with recipe books.
I bought this ages ago and haven't used it for a while, but when I was using it the yogurt turned out great.
I wanted a one-quart yogurt maker, but couldn't find one with a glass jar.
I finally bought this in April 2009, and immediately swapped the plastic insert for a glass jar.
Finding the right size and shape jar isn't easy, but Costco often sells sun-dried tomatoes in a glass jar that is ideal.
I've bought 3 (fortunately, we love sun-dried tomatoes), emptied them of tomatoes, sterilized the jars, and rotate them for making yogurt.
I bought a second Salton Yogurt Maker because the yogurt is so incredibly delicious.
The health benefits derived from this good substitute for ice cream are manifold.
Eat it with your favorite fruits and healthy cereal in the morning for a way to start your day healthfully and deliciously.
It's better than an ice cream sundae.I have no reservations in recommending this unit, and the price is fabulous, too.
Buy more than one; you won't regret it.
This yogurt maker is a must for anyone wanting delicious yogurt without paying too much at the store.
By regulating the amount of dry milk powder, you can make your product as thick as you want.
I would recommend this to anyone who loves yogurt.
I bought this yogurt maker after reading many reviews.
I use 4 cups of milk, heat on medium flame till just before boiling...cool to a temp when it is warm to touch.
Pour into the container and like magic the yogurt is ready.
Yuck! Not what I want my kids eating...and they love yogurt.
This maker is incredibly easy to use and makes a delicious yogurt.
You can control the additives and the fat content.
My wife has been trying to make yogurt for quite some time.
She has tried the oven technique, careful temperature monitoring and various other book-suggested methods.
I bought her this one, just as another method to tryout.
Will the yogurt look like or have the same type of consistency as store bought yogurt.....no.
I read some of the reviews saying that it does not make yogurt like you can buy in the store.
To that I say " you will be enjoying natural yogurt with more nutrition (probiotic).
Store-bought yogurt actually defeats the whole purpose of eating yogurt with your meal.
You can make store-bought like consistancy if you incorporate little bit of pectine or soluble fibre like agar agar powder.
If you don't like the excess water in home made yogurt, it is better to strain the water out with a cheese cloth.
In that case you don't have to add extra powder milk.
I was delighted with the yogurt maker that I purchased.
The user is enjoying fresh yogurt thanks to the timely delivery.
My two dogs would give this 15 stars.Excellent value for the price.
Occasionally I add powdered milk to increase the protein content.If the milk is from a fresh/never been opened carton, I don't bother scalding it.
However, if I'm using milk from a previously opened container I scald it in the mason jar in the microwave.
Then, it takes about 30 minutes to cool down on my kitchen counter, while I go about doing something else.
Instead of using supplied milk "bucket" I use a cleaned Mott's 46oz.
then removed jar to cool to 110 degrees F.
(Box contains 3 double packets; each double packet contains two 5 gram portions of starter.
I pour exactly 7oz of warm water into the space between the glass jar and yogurt maker wall to provide a water bath.
The water bath (a key feature of the more expensive Yogourmet yogurt maker) helps maintain the precise 100-110 degree F.
What remains is a thick, almost firm, 30oz of yogurt which (to me) tastes as pleasantly tart as any store-bought yogurt I have ever enjoyed.
I think the results are better -- firmer, more nearly solid yogurt starting with skim mild and 5 grams of Yogourmet yogurt starter per quart.
(Yogourmet yogurt starter is Lyo-San, Inc.'s product #LS9212.)RATIONALE:  A reader asked me why I specified yogurt starter conatining "L.
The more they overgrow the more toxins they produce and the more they overgrow the more they crowd out favorable bacteria.
From what I have read it seems (to me) that bifidobacteria (bifidus)are especially nourished by FOS.
Elaine did not state so, explicitly; I am deducing.The second reason, I deduce, was Elaine wanted to avoid lactobacillus casei.
Pages 57 and 170 mention sensitivity to and avoidance of "casein and gluten" proteins.
The relationship between avoiding casein and avoiding lactobacillus casei is not clear to me.
The bottom line, for me, was to follow Elaine's recommendation for yogurt on page 156.
She did the research and wrote the book.
The advice in the book has been beneficial to me.
in 12 hours I had a great tasting, creamy and home made yogurt.
I did not use the plastic yogurt container.
I used a quart size glass Mason jar and metal lid with band.
I sterilized the jar and a spoon in boiling water.
I brought one quart of milk in a saucepan to 185 degrees (using a candy thermometer).
I then let it cool to 110, which took about half an hour.
Then I added 1/16 teaspoon of DCI freeze dried yogurt cultures from Dairy Connection.
This culture is supposed to make a thick and mild yogurt.
I poured the milk in the Mason jar and put the whole thing in the Salton incubator.
I couldn't believe how great the yogurt was.
It was mild, just a tiny bit tart, and quite thick.
I used whole milk and no milk powder.
It was still very thick with this particular culture.
I will add some milk powder next time for even more thickening and extra calcium.
My Rottweiler loved the yogurt and lapped it up eagerly.
It was very smooth.I have read that one key to success is sterilizing all equipment that will come in contact with the milk/yogurt.
I sterlized the candy thermometer, a stainless steel spoon, my stainless steel measuring spoon, the Mason jar, and the metal lid.
Everything was sterile and the yogurt was perfect the first time I ever made it.
Using a candy thermometer is imperative for perfect yogurt.This product will pay for itself in no time.
It is SO SIMPLE that you really can't afford NOT to have one!.
My two daughters love vanilla yogurt, but I heartily dislike shelling out $2.49 or more for a quart of the stuff.
When I spotted this yogurt maker as a Gold Box deal, I decided to try it.
It turns out that making yogurt is easy; just follow the included directions.
There are plenty of how-to-make-yogurt pages out there, and they'll tell you that you don't need this thing.
Perhaps, but it's a heck of a lot easier using this device than heating pads or the oven method.
It's easy and economical to make healthy, delicious yogurt.
Used whole milk and the yogurt was the best I've had.
Very, very thick and creamy, and no sweeteners.
Will try it with nonfat milk or soymilk next, which should be interesting.
But now that I've had it several months I can say it was definitely a worthwhile purchase.
No worries about plastic, and I have plenty of containers if I want to make more yogurt before I've finished the old batch!.
Ok, so it doesn't have a timer, and it isn't bigger, or it doesn't have a mp3 player built-in, or a USB port.
Anyhow what sort of 3rd world kitchen doesn't have a timer to remind one to put the yogurt in the `fridge?.
Sized Ball jars with the plastic tops that are available, it's very convenient.
I just purchased this and made yogurt using Easiyo Custard Style Base and CultureEasiyo Custard Style Vanilla Yogurt Base and Culture, 7-1/2-Ounce.
I used it in the Salton and left it for about 7 hours and it came out perfect.
I'm currently making some yogurt using starter cultures from a previous batch of yogurt.
I prefer to scoop some yogurt out and then add fruit to it just before eating it.
Some people like the yogurt makers where you make several little jars at a time.
I think the yogurt stays creamier when you add the fruit just before eating it.
Also, I prefer having to clean one container instead of lots of little jars.
It's easy and fun to use and the yogurt is delicious.
This yogurt maker is easy to use and makes great yogurt.
It only takes about 5 hours and you can use 2% or whole milk.
I was weary of purchasing "store" yogurt that contained countless additives with a mediocre taste.
When I bought this inexpensive little appliance, I really wasn't expecting more than an occasional use.
Bought this on the recommendation of a friend and am not sorry that I did.
I have never liked plain yogurt but this is very definitely "good stuff" for a non-plain yogurt person like me.
I also like the small size of the unit.
I give it a hearty "thumbs up" Rheba.
I'm glad I chose the one quart maker rather than fussing with individual serving containers.
The Salton is simple to use and works well.I came up with a good idea for eliminating some of the whey to thicken the yogurt.
When you are ready to refrigerate, remove the lid and place a piece of cheesecloth over the container.
Secure it with a tight rubber band around the upper edge.
Leave it inverted over a bowl in the fridge.
By the time the yogurt has cooled you will have drained a lot of liquid.
Wash and dry the cheese cloth and use again.
I like yogurt but hate those with starch.
This provide a very economic way to make your own yogurt.
Yeah, buy the 1% fat milk with most protein, heat 8min in microwave, cool down, add some yogurt and wait for 4 to 12 hours.
Ready!The only feature I miss is a timer.
During workday I have no control how long the milk stay in maker and it would be to sour.
I have had this for a long time.
Finally, things went haywire and I was getting just milk after 5h.
I thought it could be the cultures, maybe I was doing something wrong.
Then I took the temperature of my batch as it was incubating and found it was 125.
I ordered another unit and voila, back to perfect yogurt.Couple other minor tips.1.
One of my main reasons for making yogurt now is being able to use raw milk, which is much healthier in many respects.
If you find that the bitterness of yogurt bothers your stomach, a.
for whatever reason, I've found that red grapes neutralizes it considerably.I've been using Yogourmet, which is available at Whole Foods.
I had been mixing in other yogurt, but starting with fresh cultures each time is more dependable.
Something must be wrong with the current pricing on Amazon for this thing.
I spent less than $20 for mine (at Amazon) a couple of years ago.
No little glass jars and lids to mess with.
I use a glass quart canning jar to incubate and store the yogurt.
The problem was that this model was unavailable, removed from manufacture for some unfathomable reason.
I ended up getting a Yogourmet which, though a quart larger, didn't justify the price premium.
The Salton is simpler, more compact, more convenient and faster--and it doesn't come with gratuitous cheese cloths, thermometers, acidophilus starters.
Also, the instructions are far clearer and more helpful than those provided with the Yogourmet, though the latter is 3-4 times the price.
Unless you're an absolute yogurt fanatic, constantly whipping up tons of the stuff, the Salton is your solution.
Mostly because I can make a quart of plain yogurt in a single container all at once.
The plastic container is also nice, as it is not breakable and it is easy to clean.
and it seems to be top-rack dishwasher safe.
I am thinking about getting another one of these.
I've made three batches so far and they've all come out great.
It's very easy to do and I've worked out the timing to fit into my schedule.
I heat the milk/dry milk mix to about 190-200 degrees at about 9:30 pm.
I leave it for about an hour to cool to 100-112 degrees.
Mix in the reserved yogurt starter from the last batch.
Place it the jug, which is then placed in the preheated container.
A really essential item.I have one silly question, though (doesn't affect the rating at all).
I bought it from a third party seller and paid shipping.
Yesterday, I looked at it again on Amazon and it was advertised as being eligible for Prime free shipping.
Today I come back on and it's once again only available through a third-party seller.
Still, this is a good buy, and I will recommend it to friends and family members.
Like others, I bought mine here at Amazon.
I got it on sale for $15.00 or less, can't remember.
Heating and cooling the milk is b o r i n g but with this gizmo that's about all you have to do.
No making fussy little boxes to "cook" it in, no wondering if the oven is too hot/cold if you cook it in there.
Follow the directions included, and make sure you have a thermometer! I use a meat thermometer, works fine.
I got it a year ago and set it aside in the cabinet until last week.
I came from Beijing and I've always missed the tastes of the original yogurt without being processed.
They are now in a hurry to get this maker too.
And luckily when I come back to amazon, this make is still available, with such a good Price too.
This product does exactly what it is supposed to do, make good yogurt.
I like the one large container rather than six small cups.
Bought it last week and ordered the cheeseclothes from [...] and made Quark this week.
It was soooo delicious, just like when you buy the Quark in a german store and better.
My daughter loved it as well! Easy to use and very easy to clean.
To bad they don't reproduce these anymore :(.
However I can just say buy it, you will not be dissapointed.
I used 1 quart of culturized whole Buttermilk and it made 1 pound of Quark.
I have tried and failed to make yogurt without one of these handy appliances for a long time.
It will help you prepare a nice batch of yogurt in 4 to 10 hours.
This keeps the yogurt at a temperature that will allow the yogurt to become prepared.
All its takes is a little milk, and some culture and you are done.
This way I can prepare yogurt with organic milk.
I really like my machine, works like a charm, and saves you money by making your own at home.
I put way too much blended berries my first try and it was too intense.
I found it helpful to read all the other suggestions and reviews on Amazon.
I covered the machine with the box (as suggested by another reviewer) and the second batch came out much firmer.
I also bought small plastic containers so that I can bring to work - yummy!.
I have had this yogurt maker for a few years, but only used it once with not so great results.
I used organic milk and organic Horizon's plain yogurt as a starter.
Wonderful!  Here are the directions I followed:Making yogurt with the Salton Yogurt Maker is fun, easy and worry-free.
A few things you'll need are milk, powdered milk for thickening, a thermometer and a yogurt starter.
Be sure your yogurt maker is clean before starting.
It will provide a stable temperature for incubating the yogurt.
In this article you will find the best instructions for Salton Yogurt Maker.1.
Add  cup of dry milk powder to 1 qt of whole or skim milk.The milk should be heated on the stove to 185-190F, stirring frequently.2.
While you're waiting for the milk to heat, plug in your yogurt maker so it can be warming up.3.
I usually place the pot in a large bowl of ice water, stirring the milk until it's cooled to the right temperature.4.
Pour this starter mix into the remaining milk and stir.6.
Finally, pour the milk into your pre-heated yogurt maker.7.
You should allow the yogurt to incubate 6-12 hours.
The longer it is heated, the more tart the taste.8.
When the batch is done, put the container in the frigerator and allow it to cool for several hours or overnight.
Just receive this yogurt maker today and make my first batch of homemake yogurt.
I first plug in the unit so it will get warm.
Then I bring 4 cup whole milk almost to a boil and cool it in the ice water bath.
I do not like short cut and killing all the bad stuff first is not a step to be skipped.
I did not use any instant milk powder because of the additives and preservatives.
After 5 hours, I open the cover and can smell the fresh warm tangy yogurt.
It is soft, creamy and white, kinda like soft silken tofu.
I pour it in a container and refrigerate it for later so it will solidify more.
This is a great yogurt maker and very light weight.
I am happy with the plastic container so it is light weight and not easy to break.
I just wash it and sanitize it by rinsing it with hot boiling water.
The key is to keep everything in constant low temperature.
I can't believe this is so easy and convenient.
Success on the first try and very happy.
Good things do come with a small package.
Forget about all the tiny bottles to clean.
This is a steal for under $10 at Amazon.com with free shipping.
I bought this yogurt marker for my mum because the last one she owned stopped working and i starting missing her home made yogurts.
This yogurt marker makes yogurt much quicker than the previous one.
My mum enjoys making her yogurt and i enjoy eating it.
If your looking for a good yogurt marker thats inexpensive this one is a must have.
I bought this yogurt maker after reading almost all of the 325 reviews.
I guess that many people couldn't be wrong.
hehehe!anyway I got it at a really good price so I ordered two.
somehow something happened and I got only one and was only charged one.
I am now on my third one of these machines.
Seems to last somewhere between 4 and 5 years.
I have bought all 3 from Salton directly.
I heat it for 5 min and 45 secons on high in the microwave.
Any more time and it boils -- any less time and it doesn't reach the right temp.
If the yogurt doesn't turn out, you are doing something wrong.
I use a quart of skim milk, add 1/4 cup of powdered milk.
Put in a canning jar, put in maker for 8-10 hours.
You can use less or more of powdered milk.
The temp can be slightly flexible, just can't be too cold or too hot.
You experiment to find the firmness you want or tartness.
I use in dressings, add no added sugar jelly, fruit, decaf instant coffee, maple, vanilla, dill.
I even bought me two extra, incase one breaks.
I made yogurt in the 70's and forgot how easy and wonderful it was.
I bought some at GMC, 120 tabs in a bottle.
I paid $23 for my first one, then $14.99 for several and now getting a few for the gift shelf, at $12.99.
While I was waiting for my maker, I used a a slow cooker.
It worked wonderfully but it took up so much room on my counter and also, the results varied.
The Salton, looks much better than a big crockpot and is more predictable.
It also takes less electricity than a slow cooker or low temp oven.
All the other laudatory reviews have said it well; I am just adding another acclamation.
I've owned my set for 4 years, using them regularly, almost every day, and they have yet to break or show signs of deterioration.
They have been knocked over many times on a tile counter and have survived every impact.
If you are simply looking for a basic red wine glass and a basic white wine glass, the Spiegelau will work just fine.
I have owned Riedel Vinum Bordeaux glasses for a decade and love them for their size, shape, clarity, and elegance.
Why?  All one needs to do is look at them firmly and they break.
My wife and I finally made a rule never to wash them after drinking any amount of wine.
Then we escalated to not washing them if we were tired or distracted.
Finally, we solved this ongoing problem by purchasing Spiegelau Vino Grande Red Wine Glasses recommended by a friend.
At initial evaluation they look virtually identical to the Riedels, but on closer inspection are slightly thicker although an almost perfect match in shape.
The Reidels have been moved to the back of the cupboard.
Hopefully Riedel's purchase of Spiegelau will not escalate their price.
This glass doesn't change the world but is everything it is promised.
I needed nice wine glasses for a new vacation house.
although Spiegelau was new to me, I ordered these based on the description and reviews.
I am very happy with my purchase: These glasses are elegant, appropriate for white wine, and practical.
I love the feel of the glass -- not too heavy, not wimpy; the quality is very, very good, and I love its overall character.
The shape is perfect for me and for those who enjoy a smaller-sized bowl or glass shape.
If you are simply looking for a basic red wine glass and a basic white wine glass, the Spiegelau will work just fine.
At $7.50 a glass, you won't cry if you break one.
The size and shape are ideal (I don't like mammoth glasses), they are sturdy and attractive, and they feel good to drink from.
More importantly, the glass does make a difference in your enjoyment of the wine.
If you are the type of person who appreciates the difference between fine glasses and cheap glasses you will like these.
The glass bowl is delicate and the lip is thin.
This makes for excellent "feel" but probably accounts for the breakage rate.The stem and base are also thin, giving the glass a fine feel.
Amazon packed the Spiegelau box with bubble wrap and put it in a larger box.
However, I agree with other reviewers that the glasses are poorly protected in the factory box.
If you are worried try overnight shipping.If I ever need more martini glasses I would buy these again.
Somehow these martini glasses are reminiscent of Noel Coward, the epitome of urbanity and scintillating wit.
They're very classic in appearance, and the 6 oz.
These look and feel so sophisticated to me, a non-connoisseur.
They are delicate, but not fragile, and have the perfect silhouette.
I'm very picky about aesthetics, and these were the best I could find, including many more expensive glasses.
I don't believe they even could have been broken in their packaging.
Each glass is only wrapped with a couple of thin sheets of paper and it is sit loosely in each compartment.
Amazon's packaging is a little better but they need to mark outside "FRAGILE".
I want to entertain some friends with martinis before the summer is over.
And because martini doesn't taste like a martini if it is not served in a martini glass.
My husband is a stickler for red wine glasses.
they have to be big, they have to let the wine breathe, feel good in the hand, etc.
So when I bought these glasses sight unseen, I was taking a risk that he wouldn't like them.
But he does! (And I think they're a good value for high-quality glasses.) Highly recommended.
Plus all the benefits of an elegant and functional design, the glasses do SING!.
Going to re-order since I broke a few.
If you can get these for what amounts to $8-10 per glass, it's a terrific price.
These glasses do go in the dishwasher but use caution, as they are delicate.
For those that love great wine served the proper way in proper wine stems, this is the way to go.
I've been drinking wine for several years but didn't realize what I'd been missing until I drank wine out of one of these glasses.
There is just no substitute; I'll never go back.
Just be gentle when transporting to the dishwasher.
These glasses are really wonderful for enjoying red wine.
Their very large bowls really help the air exposure that brings out the flavors in a good red.
The rims were thin and the stems delicate enough, but they didn't feel terribly fragile.
Also, I thought the packaging was just fine.
When I have wine enthusiasts over, they think these glasses are very appropriate.
When I have others over, they think these are weird.
The bowls are MUCH larger than your average red wine glasses.
The first one received was defective right out of the box.
After an agruement with VillaWare, they agreed to send me a replacement.
They wanted me first to go thru Amazon, which I said no since broken from get-go.
Beeps when heated and beeps again when done cooking.
We use a belgian recipe found on Americas Test Kitchen site to make them from scratch.
They make them very airy and also a little malted flavor.
I have not owned a new modern waffle maker before.
:)Can we say EASY?  The first waffle I made was PERFECT and was so yummy.
I use it several times a week now and don't know how I lived without it.
I wanted a fast blegian waffler and this fits the bill.
It takes about 4 minutes to warm up and then the waffle is done 3 minutes after you pour in the batter.
It also has the deepest ridges ( 1 1/4 inch ) so it is a true belgian waffle maker.
We use it nearly every week and are very happy with it.
No overflow protection, so if too much batter is used, it overflows and creates a huge mess on the unit, shelf, floor, etc.
The recipe by a reviewer here is MUCH better and produces great waffles.
with a LOT of spray between each waffle.
The difference between Belgian and regular waffles is the depth of the hole in the waffle; Belgians are very deep.
This makes for a light and crisp waffle.
(In contrast German and American style waffles are more tender and flexible.)This waffle iron is nicely compact and absolutely perfect for making delicious waffles.
Instead, I use this one:2 egg whites, whip stiffMix next ingredients and fold egg whites into the batter:2 egg yolks3/4 c.
This waffle iron is the BEST!  I get nice, brown, crisp waffles every time.
We bought this waffle maker because the American ones are hard to find.
So given that we prefer American waffles to Belgian waffles, we still like this waffle maker OK.
I make protein waffles on a daily basis.
We were looking for wine glasses to use by the pool.
These are not thick and bulky, but also not flimsy.
They say they are upper rack dishwasher safe, but we'll hand wash based on reviews here.
I really like these glasses, and use them daily outside.
I wish they were a little larger to hold more.
Better than plastic, yet won't break and cause trauma around the pool.
Good gift idea for folks who like to "drink and jacuzzi" at the same time...if there are any of those types around...:-).
I think these plastic wine glasses are better than glass ones.
We can walk around and take them outside and not be afraid to drop and break them.
They have an all-over raised grape and vine design which is very attractive.
I wanted these for picnics and they serve the purpose spendidly.
I purchased these for camping and they are wonderful.
They look great and I don't have to worry about dropping them and having glass shatter everywhere.
I wanted some picks for garnishing drinks that were long enough to stay a little above the surface in most drinks.
These do that as well as being attractive, fun & reusable.
I was a little concerned that &#34;plastic&#34; would seem cheap, but that's not the case at all.
The olive in the martini at the tip is a perfect touch & even has a little toothpick in it!.
These acrylic martini picks add just the right playful touch to any drink--alcohol or not! These martini picks are also easy to care for.
A super olive garnish!Although the manufacturer states that these are dishwasher safe, I would hand wash them if at all possible.
Just as explained in the title of the product, and perfect for my liquor cabinet.
I don't know what more to say other then if you are looking for martini picks then look no more and order these.
They look cool with the tiny martinis on the tops and work perfectly fine.
These are just adorable and fun to use.
A good length and sturdy enough for general use.
And the price is totally right!  You can buy multiple sets without breaking the bank.
They are martini-ish enough to be really fun without being over the top...I have a few sets that I love.
I considered buying them for a friend as well...but he doenst usually drink classis martinis.
Everything I read and heard directly from Calphalon indicated that I was out of luck.
They had this steamer for a higher price, and also happened to sell the 13 piece cookware set I had purchased.
So, I grabbed the steamer and took it over to the cookware on display.
Lo and behold, it fits perfectly on the 1.5qt sauce pan.
So, I came home, and ordered it from Amazon.The bottom of the steamer is graduated, and the smallest step fits exactly right.
But I care less about the form than about the function.
Because the steamer rests in the pot at its smallest point, it does appear a little odd on the pot, since it is wider.
It looks better on the 2.5qt because they are a similar diameter, but it just doesn't quite work.Regarding the steamer itself, it is well made.
It is a stainless steamer with a glass lid that fits very snugly.
I've had it for 8 months now and love it.
This is a well made steamer, I just wish it would fit my cookware better.
I have the Simply Calphalon set and while the steamer is still functional, it doesn't seat well with the set.
There are still pockets of steam that escape through the side of the pot where it meets the steamer.
This was a gift to me so I make no complaints about the purchase.
Calphalon pan as well as the next size smaller.
It comes with the glass lid which also fits the 4-1/2 qt.
We use this for all our vegetables because we don't like boiled or microwaved vegetables.
It's quite large and will even hold ten ears of sweet corn.
Inner diameter at the top - 8in; depth - 4 in.
sauce pans & sauce potsI found it also fits 2.5 and 4.5 qt.
pots from Calphalon Tri-Ply setCalphalon Tri-Ply Stainless-Steel 13-Piece Cookware Set.It is a bit on a smaller side.
Large lobster will not fit whole, you'd have to break it up.
I've had this for about 4 years now, and it's my all-time favorite pot.
I make everything in it - soup, stew, chili, sauce, even candy.
Heats evenly and holds heat well, the lid fits nicely and the handles stay relatively cool on the cook top.
I've never used it in the oven but it's supposed to be rated to 500 degrees.
I really don't know what I'd do without it.UPDATE 3/13/13 - I'm still using this pot frequently with excellent results.
I did accidentally put it in the dishwasher once and it came out a little discolored, but that was my own fault.
It hasn't impacted the performance any so I'm really not worried about it.
Not only is it huge, but it is a Calphalon pan so you know you are getting a great pan.
I purchased this pot for $40.00 and after reading the negative comments about quality, I tried to see how durable the product is.
I browned some beef in a little oil on MED-HI heat added some stock, mixed vegetables,tomatoes and tomato juice,pasta and seasonings.
Let it simmer for 75 minutes and I was surprised how well the dish turned out.
No stains from the tomatoes and the pasta did NOT stick to the bottom.
I will give it four out of five stars just because it was made in CHINA.
The handles on the pot and lid stayed cool to the touch, clean up was a breeze.
I have other Calphalon product made in the USA and there is a slight color difference.
It is great for cooking those large pots of fall and winter soups.
This was so inexpensive for the quality and size.
The pot came in perfect condition , the lid has 3 very small spots where the shiny metal was showing.
I have had to send back more items recently then in all the years I have shopped with Amazon.
I decided that I wasn't going to send it back and found that I had another lid that fit the pot perfectly.
I got the item on a Friday sale for 39.99 so I guess I cant complain.
I'm just getting a little concerned about all the products coming to me damaged or getting lost in the free super saver shipping.
I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware.
Best set I have every owned or used.
I paid $26.57 for this after discounts and free shipping.
I've been trying to locate one made specifically for this pot but so far have not been successful.
If somebody finds a good one, please let me know!.
You may want to watch the heat a bit as it holds the heat very well and you can burn food or have food stick.
We could spaghetti sauce for 24 hours in this pot and had no sticking problems (on the 2nd batch).
The first batch stuck a bit as we were not used to a pot that holds the heat this well.
We have been using high quality stainless steel in the past but this pot is really nice.
It is the nicest stock pot I have ever owned.
The previous was teflon and is very old and not as good as this stock pot.
This pot is a great value for the price.
The pot is very thick and distributes heat evenly.
The first time  I used this pot I made a huge pot of chili that was on the stove for 6 hours.
There was nothing burned to the bottom of the pot! The lid does a great job of keeping moisture in the pot.
This is one of several Calphalon products I've bought from Amazon.com.
I buy them as gifts for my sister and her husband, and they couldn't be happier.
I would +1 all the positives from everyone else who reviewed this pot.For stove-top soup and sauce making, in large quantities.
I probably don't cook as much as most of the other reviewers here, but this thing is absolutely great for the price.
I had wanted one for awhile (since Alton had recommended it on one of his early Good Eats episodes).
It went on sale less than an hour after I bought it.
I emailed Amazon and they refunded me the difference right away.
We have a large family and I frequently make big pots of soup & I pressure can what we don't consume immediately.
Before this one arrived, I had an issue with my existing stockpots not fitting well when I had my pressure canner out.
I'd basically have room for 1 stock pot and the canner.
For your average family, this is probably not a big deal but it's a huge deal to me.
My handles have not leaked even when the pot is full.
I will admit that I have no experience with other calphalon products but this one feels sturdy to me.
I couldn't have afforded a top dollar pot.
The lid of mine did get a scratch thru the metal like others have mentioned but the pot looks great.
This is a top of the line pot.
I'm a hobbyist chef so I cook a meal from scratch at least 7 times a week.
This pot is nice and heavy, built to last a lifetime.
You'll never have to worry about the metal handles ever coming loose.
Only thing I would like better is if the lid was glass so I could look in without lifting lid.
But this lid will last much longer than any glass lid so it's a fair trade.
I bought this for my daughter and son-in-law for Christmas.
I'm jealous, wish it was for my kitchen!  My other daughter and son-in-law will be jealous too!  It's a beauty.
I know it will work well for them for many years to come.
I've been less than satisfied with other pots when I've tried to save money and buy aluminum, etc.
This one cost a bit more, but still a good deal.
And I may never need to buy another one.
As regards the price, I have purchased two of these 12Qt.
pots, each on different Amazon Friday Sales, and each for a penny less than FIFTY DOLLARS.
Subsequently, a half-dozen scrubbings with Dormond removed all the stains.Now, the good part.
I wanted a 12 qt stock pot and I like using this one.
The cover handle works well for me and never seems to get to warm for my bare hand.
The side handles feel sturdy, well positioned, and enable me to heft the pot without strain.
Even full, I feel I have good, adequate control when moving it about.
The lid fits simply and well.I favor it, now, over my clad, triple-ply 8 qt.
stainless steel stockpot.Lastly, I had occasion to telephone Calphalon customer service.
My call was answered swiftly and the service was delivered pleasantly -- something increasingly rare these days.
This a a great pot...plenty big, and excellent quality.
My friend bought one too, as I liked it so much.
This is a great soup pot - cooks evenly, and the lid fits nicely and lets you either close it tightly or let steam escape.
I make chicken soup that I let simmer overnight, and I never worry about it burning or boiling out.
It also cleans nicely.This item frequently shows up in the Friday sale, and at that price, it's a steal.
You will likely be told that it's your giftee's favorite pot.
And they'll also think you spent more than you did.
I've owned this pot for about nearly 10 years.
I once purchased a set of Caphalon Commerical Hard-Anodized pots and instantly fell in love with them.
Also, when storing this and similar pots, do so separately, as rubbing against one another causes permanent scratches.
From looking at the other reviews I've seen for this product, it has a tendency to leak around the handles.
So far, mine hasn't had that problem and is working like a charm.
I give four stars simply because while I don't have any major complaints, there's nothing particularly spectacular about it either.
It's a stockpot; odds are pretty good that if you're looking for one, this will work for you.
I replaced my old beat up aluminum stockpot that I only used to cook crabs in with this pot.
I made a big batch of Cioppino in the pot the first day that I got it and was really pleased with the results.
It's probably to big to fit in a regular dishwasher anyway.
If you like the Calphalon Commercial Hard Anodized line, add this to your collection before they run out!.
This is the definitely the best stockpot that I've owned.
It's large, conducts heat well, and is perfect for stews, soups, large batches of pasta, etc.
The handles are large and sturdy, and it's not a problem to move this stockpot - even when mostly full.
Highly recommended product, this is a stockpot you will own and use for a long time.
Remember also to preheat the pan to help avoid sticking.Enjoy!.
I have a large family and use them everyday.
Through Amazon you can get them at a reasonable price.
I only wish they carried more! I really like them and wouldn't use anything else.
The commerical is a little harder to clean and the flat black finish makes the food seem to disappear when wet.
This stockpot is the last one you'll ever buy.
It is so well-constructed, so solid, and so well crafted it will last for generations.
It conducts heat well (it's made of aluminum) and distributes it evenly to ensure good results even on high heat.
Spend the money and get yourself a once-in-a-lifetime pot that will serve your needs for good.
This is a true bargain in every regard.
if you are looking for quality cookware to make these mouth-watering dishes, than look no more.
The Calphalon 12-quart stockpot handles any cooks needs and is a wonderful additon to ones kitchen.
Excellent quality, cooks evenly, easy to clean and the price is right!.
Great product, but from where do you ship?  It took almost 3 weeks for me to get it.
Last year my mother-in-law bought me the Calphalon 7 pc cookware set as a Christmas gift.
Although Calphalon is considered to be excellent cookware, the pieces are too heavy for me, and not what I would have chosen for our family.
If it had been lighter (& red) perhaps I'd have given it 5 stars.
Perhaps the heftiness contributes to it's durability, and the durability is what some people like most about it.
They still choose to cook with our older cookware because it's lighter and more comfortable.
My husband probably notices things about cookware that have more influence on how things cook, and/or how they turn out.
Again, I just couldn't get past the weight - I've just become used to lighter pans, and it's what I prefer.
looks good in our kitchen and gives us a lift because it's so cheery.
We'd found some red cookware we liked and met our needs, but didn't get it because this was sent to us.
Anyway, I was hoping to get away from aluminum cookware, and perhaps go to copper.
I looked it up, and this is what I found:"Many metals are structurally weakened by the oxidation process, but not aluminum.
Aluminum can actually be made stronger and more durable through a process called 'anodizing'.
Anodizing involves placing a sheet of aluminum into a chemical acid bath, quite often acetone in laboratory experiments.
The sheet of aluminum becomes the positive anode of a chemical battery and the acid bath becomes the negative.
An electric current passes through the acid, causing the surface of the aluminum to oxidize (essentially rust).
The oxidized aluminum forms a strong coating as it replaces the original aluminum on the surface.
The result is an extremely hard substance called anodized aluminum.
Anodized aluminum can be nearly as hard as diamond under the right anodizing process.
The next step up is the all-clad and I have yet to be convinced that it is anything more  than shimmer.
This product is durable and effective for the active cook.
Given the price of individual pieces, this set is a bargain.
As others have noted, they're tough, and they have great heat conductivity.
You have to hand scrub your Calphalon, or find a ph-neutral detergent.
My first Calphalon item, a 1-quart saut&eacute; pan w/cover, was a housewarming gift from a French friend.
Next, I bought a starter set with assorted pieces.
Since then, I have never used any other brand of cookware because the Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized pots and pans are so wonderful for cooking.
I use my 2-1/2-quart saucepan more than any other pan.
The 4-quart chef's pan with lid (which I do not use that often) would make a good casserole pan.
This set is a good way to begin your own Calphalon collection or to give as a gift.
We received our starter set as a wedding gift.
This cooks evenly and cleans up great!  I'll bet my kids won't complain  about their hand me downs!.
Also, you will want to pick up a nonstick saute pan as well.
Calphalon is NOT nonstick, although it does clean fairly easily, with occasionally slight stains.
Use some Dormond or Bon Ami cleaner and you should be fine.
You wouldn't be reading this unless you were considering buying the set.
About a year and a half ago, I bought the Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized Limited Edition 5-Piece Super-Sized Set, which has been discontinued.
At the time, the price was one hundred dollars.
Calphalon is already switching to its new Calphalon One line of semi-nonstick cookware to mixed reviews...and at a very much higher price.
These fit on your rack at the slots.
Don't buy them planning on just adding hooks if you don't have the slots as they don't fit well w/o slots.
if you are buying or have a potrack, this is an excellent addition.
holds things in both directions, doubling the capacity.
So I have a Calphalon ceiling rack WHICH REQUIRES THIS HOOK and I can hang pots on both side of this hook  !.
Ordered one of these double hooks, but what I received was a package of 2 single hooks.
Not a big problem though.Ken - Author ofThe Pellet Stove Almanack: Home Heating Joins the 21st Century.
The Calphalon Double Pot Rack Hook works well on the &quot;cross beams&quot; of the Calphalon wall rack and hanging racks.
You can use them to hang two omelet/frying pans back-to-back or as Calphalon suggests, a pan with its lid.
It takes time and planning to get your hanging arrangement the way you want it.
As your collection of Calphalon grows, remember to order extra pot hooks too!.
Also provide space for two pans, pots, skillets, lids, etc.
I bought two sets and now hang lids and extra utensils.
My rack is 15 years old and these fit perfectly.
If you have a Calphalon pot rack and pots these are the hooks to use.
I wish it was a little less expensive though.
The Calphalon Racks come with different numbers of hooks.
For example, the 12 x 24-inch wall rack comes with 4 hooks.
You may need a total of 12 or more single hooks if you want to hang utensils with pots and pans.
Also you may want to add some antique or decorative items to your rack.
So plan ahead, measure a bit, be creative, and order extra pot rack hooks along with your Calphalon rack.
We bought the Calphalon Pot Rack and these extra 2 hooks at the same time.
We knew we'd want to hang more than 4 pots/pans as soon as we put it up.
The rack is perfect and the hooks work very well.
The hooks stay put once you slip them onto the rack too.
There are cheaper ones out there, but for pots and pans, it cant be beat if you own the Calphlon rack.
These sturdy hooks lock in place and are quite secure, allowing more pots and utensils to be stored on the rack.
The hooks are easily moved from one place on the rack, to another, when the needs present themselves.
I purchased the Calphalon 20x56 rack from CutleryAndMore because Amazon wouldn't match their lower price.
These hooks fit it fine, but aren't exactly the same as the ones that came with the rack.
I hesitated to buy hooks at Amazon because of the reviews saying they don't fit.
I returned some of these hooks I got at a local BedBathBeyond because they did not fit.
Took me about 5min with a metal file to make it fit.
I'd still buy them because I can't find anything else that works for this rack.
If someone has come up with alternatives please post.
WOW! This is eye-popping! This has so many great features.
First, it is a durable nylon and won't scratch your cookingware.
Also, it has a huge head which makes getting those big cookies and such of the tray much easier.
I've had this for over 3 months now and it hasn't even shown a sign of falling apart.
A great hybrid product that should replace the spatula, wider flippers and even a stirer or two.
Very well constructed -- wide face, long handle, some flex -- and made out of some sort of very firm plastic.
I bought for use in  those all too delicate pans that can seem to play nice and not get hurt  with traditional implements.
All experience thus far indicate that I won't  melt through this one.
I chose it over the Creuset models as well as the  OXO -- for 6 bucks I don't think you could ask for more.
I use this spatula with my Calphalon Commercial nonstick griddle and omelet/frying pans.
This is the second calphalon spatula I have purchased and I am very pleased with them both.
I bought this to use with their cookware and it performs as promised.
I can rest it in or against a very hot sautese pan with no damage to the spatula and confine my clean-up to the pan.
A great implement for the price - get both sizes!.
This spatula stands up to the heat better than other spatulas I have tried, providing that you keep the heat under 375 degress.
I did not keep the heat under 375 degrees(this is why I needed this replacement).
As with most Calphalon, I like this spatula.
I is a very good price and does its job well.
I give it 4 stars because it can get a little wobbly, buut not any worse than another one I have used.
It's the widest one which makes it the most useful.
It's strong and easy to clean - I would buy only these in the future.
My kids keep trying to get this one away from me, but I won't let them!  :).
Calphalon makes nylon spatulas in three types: large spatula, small spatula, and slotted spatula.
I use mine when cooking burgers of any kind, either in a nonstick pan, on a nonstick george grill, or on a nonstick griddle.
The slotted spatula is great to use when cooking hash browns, fried green tomatoes, and fried mozzarella, too.
No crowds, no shipping costs if you spend more than.
This spatula can take higher temps and won't scratch my Circulon cookware! I am very pleased ;).
Just like their nylon spoons, great! Heat resistant, won't melt in your pan even if you forget it.
Forget it and see what happens, nothing!! if you have a non-stick or even if you don't.
It's a generous size for you big pots and pans.
This is fabulous for light sauces and gravies, gets to all parts of the pan which you cannot do with a conventional balloon whisk.
With that caveat, I still believe this is a terrific tool.
Now, for that polenta, would you like one lump or two?.
The black color is quite nice, it will hold up a long time and still look great.
And of course, won't harm your expensive non-stick pans!.
Excellent in a pan cooking gravies, or in a bowl mixing up something cold.
Sturdy hard plastic that is easy to clean! Great value at this price! I used the no shipping if you spend.
to restock my aging kitchen gadgets and didn't have to fight any crowds!.
At last someone has made a practical set of tongs for use with non-stick cookware.
I find these tongs lightweight but sturdy and the squared-off ends are a helpful design.
They work very nicely with small-to-medium bits of food.
They are 20 times better than my old wooden tongs that I used to use with my good non-stick cookware.
They allow great dexterity and are strong enough for most of your needs.They are easy to clean and are dishwasher safe.
Other than the limited opening ability, they would have deserved 5 stars.I highly recommend them.
these tongs are great for flipping potatoes or other smaller things in a frying pan.
I don't know if anything plastic will be strong enough for bigger things, but if you find something, I recommend buying that instead.
They're long, they fit well in your hand, they grip well and they don't scratch your nonstick cookware.
The Calphalon nylon tongs work well for turning, lifting, and removing food when cooking with nonstick pots and pans.
They can also be used for serving at casual meals.
I have all the Calphalon black nylon cooking utensils and keep them in a tall crock near my stove.
Even if stored in a kitchen drawer, the tongs are spread out and get tangled with other utensils.
They are very durable and are easy to clean (I wash all my Calphalon nylon utensils by hand.).
I have nonstick cookware, and my husband loves bacon.
I have tried many different utensils to flip the bacon while cooking, which resulted in many scratched/ruined skillets.
I now own these Calphalon tongs, and have found that they are perfect for flipping bacon.
I no longer have to worry about scratching my skillets!  These tongs have a comfortable grip, and clean up well in the dishwasher.
Once you get a decent set that you can safely use with non-stick cookware, you'll become a tong-addict, too.
Tongs give you more control than a spatula or fork.
This pair from Calphalon has good tension, not too tight or loose, and are comfortable in your hand.
I don't understand the negative reviews on this product.
I've been using these a month and have been really pleased.
They are sooooo much better than the spring tension aluminum ones.
The are a good size for a woman's hand, easily pick up anything and clean up like a dream.
They are best suited for indoor use as they are not long enough to keep your hands away from an outdoor grill.
A super buy for the price and I would not be without them after owning them.
They work well in the anondized and non-stick calpahalon as well as my stainless cookware.
Another plus is that I feel like a professional chef when I use these!.
I was hesitant to buy given some of the reviews, but it seems to work well.
I thought at first it wasn't working, but it seems as if the unit only transmits when the temperature changes.
So if you are testing it and it's just sitting outside and the temperature is stable, it looks like it's not working.
This is not the best way to design this, but it seems to work well enough.
The controls are a little clunky, hence the 4 stars, but it does seem to work for me.
After burning the sides of my fingers from lifting the lid of the Traeger smoker, I decided to invest in a remote thermometer.
This gadget works great!!  Also, another bonus is not having to go out into the cold to check thermometer.
If you like your meat well done, let it cook to 175 / 180 degrees.
The first one did not work properly and the seller sent me a replacement.
Did not even want me to return the original unit which I offered to do! The unit works great.
Talk about convenience in cooking! On the grill or in the oven it monitors two different temperatures at the same time.
Either two items being cooked at the same time or the cooking appliance temperature and the food.
With the remote receiver you can be doing something else and find it very convenient to view the cooking temperatures almost anywhere in the house.
I love it! I would have given it five stars but the receiver needs a more reliable and longer operating range!.
I have gone through several temperature probes - this one seems far better than ones I had previously.
maybe these products get modified for the better over time.
both probes work, my smoker and my grill are close so i put one in the grill and another in the smoker.
from, if you do you will get the results i have read about on here.
I am updating this review as so many have said they have had problems.
This product is wonderful and performs just as expected.
I gave one to my brother and brother-in-law and we all love it!.
You can use it locally or with the remote.
Display is easy to read and it is a quality product.
I love this product! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the instructions were difficult for me to understand.
Once I figured it out all was well.
2 probes are handy, cook two items at same time or read two areas in a large piece of meat.
You could also use second probe to monitor oven or smoker temp.Also has clock, countdown timers etc.
Great idea, you do not have to hover around the grill or oven to check temperature.
This is especially important for the oven, since opening the door quickly changes the temperature that surrounds your pan.
For me, took a while to get through manual, but DO take the time to read the directions.
Once you &#8220;get it&#8221;, it&#8217;s easy to quickly get device set up and running.
I've used this so far on chicken, sausage, lamb, beef steak, and the food has been absolutely perfect.
I have had no problems with this thermometer.
Best of all it lets you adjust the preset temperatures.
I had no problem with short battery life.
It may depend on the type you use.
This is much better than the Weber model all around.
This wireless thermometer lets you cook two different items set for two different temperatures.
The buttons are less than intuitive, otherwise I would have awarded this baby five stars.
I use this thing all the time to smoke pork butt or grill a chicken or roast.
It works great!  A word of warning though.
I love this thing and with two probes I can measure the meat with one, and the grill with the other.
Anyone who has any experience with smoking food knows that measuring two temperatures like this is essential to good food.
I have had no problems and this works well for what I need...I would buy again.
My husband grills all of the time and he loves this!!!  You can just put something on the grill and forget it til it beeps!.
No more undercooked food, no more opening the grill or oven to check on food, no more cutting in to check.
I've had this for two years and it works extremely well, outside or inside.
The transmitter range is great and goes well inside the house.
This gets a lot of use and I've only had to change out fresh batteries once or twice.
Highly recommended.NOTE:  Mine died on me, I'm going to have to buy a replacement.
I'm a huge fan of this wireless thermometer.
Repeatedly opening the top lets all the smoke and heat out and prolongs cooking time.
So, just put the probe into the meat, thread the metal probe wire out the top, and put the receiver close by.
You can then wander inside with the receiver and it will alarm you when the desired temperature is reached.
Supposedly you can sync them without turning them off, then on, but I've never been able to figure out how to do this reliably.
When you do power cycle them together, they wake up and sync up reliably each time.2)  Their range is about 30 yards, as described.
For more on this topic, hit the Internet.4)  The probes are of questionable quality.
Spares are about ten bucks and I, like other reviewers, do recommend keeping one or two on hand, as they do just 'go bad'.
I love this can measure two temps at one time.
I usually cook more than one item at a time that needs a thermometer.
I've had one of these before, but it didn't seem to last long.
Seemed to break after a couple of years.
However, for the price, this was worth purchasing again!.
Bought this for my hubby 3 years ago almost eactly to the day.
He has loved it, no complaints!  Uses it in his smoker with a probe in two different meats (usually turkey breast and beef brisket).
For some reason one of them has quit reading correctly; when it's in a 78 degree room, it reads 130 degrees for some reason.
Stuck in the cold meat it registers it as done.
Hoping to find just a single (or two pack) of sensors.
It is very convenient to be able to BBQ one item and roast another@ the same time in different locations.
When you know what the temps are, you don't have to waste heat constantly checking on it.
Only downside is, the temp lags just a little bit.If you want your meat RARE, subtract 5-10 degrees until you're used to it.
It can always be cooked more...Otherwise, am thrilled with it, glad I bought it!!.
I found the range to be very good for what it is.
As long as I'm in the back yard it reads fine.
Even if I go inside and stay in the living room (large patio door near by) it receives signal.
If I go into the bathroom, it loses signal.
There is a website showing a hack how to add a larger antenna, but for my use, it works well.
I use to monitor the smoker and the other to monitor the meat.
My only complaint is that I want to set an alarm at 220 for the smoker, but there is no way to do that.
So I have to constantly check and once it gets up there no matter what meat I select, the alarm goes off.
(Of course since the highest alarm is 170.)Other than that very specialized situation, it's great.
I love to use this so I can monitor from kitchen while grilling out on back deck.
I've had this for year and it works great and very accurate.
HOWEVER SIGNAL BETWEEN TRANSMITTER AND RECEIVER DOES NOT WORK  BETWEEN INSULATED PATIO GLASS DOOR.
I was able to monitor temperatures from my basement using the receiver with the smoker outside at ground level.
Looks like the best bet may be a network-connected base unit transmitting to the home network.
It took me a while to get the hang of this tool, like similar products I have tried.
It is not easy to use for a beginner.
It handles all the typical cuts you are looking for: julienne carots, waffle fries, etc.
It's easy to clean, every blade can easily be detached with no risks of injury.
I used the plastic model for many years and loved it.
Hard to use, dull blade, stinks....I bought the Matfer.
I had to go to an emergency room once because of a cut!!  I am much more careful now.
I don't know what I meant about the safety holder.
It's just fine and of course I use it all the time as everyone should.
I used to have a Cuisinart, and I gave it to Goodwill after buying this Mandolin.
Yeah, the Cuisinart was great and it can do some things this can't, like making pesto.
But you know, I make pesto twice a year; I can use my mortar and pestle.
With this, its washed and dried in 20 seconds.
I find that I *actually* use this, instead of just owning it for &quot;someday&quot;.
The only caution I have is that blade is SHARP, so always use the guard.
My hand strength is waning and when I recently found I can only mangle a potato I decided to find a slicer.
But in a tiny apt butcher-sized wonder machines just won't do.
Extremely easy to use but if you need tutoring, a video is incl.
Much better than those which sell for more that don't even come with any additional blades or edges.
Some can only slice something you 1st reduce to grape size (who needs the xtra chore?).
My first fish spatula, but I suspect it's better than others.
I always reach for this when the food is delicate - pancakes, eggs, fish - and often use this with other food - hamburgers, anything.
I'm not sure how I lived without it.
This is a different Spatula that I was not used to.
Think I will buy some as presents for the Holidays.
I love these spatulas! They have just the right bending and angled just right for flipping.
I now have 3 of them and I would definitely recommend them.
Not sure what's up with the way negative reviews.
I think this things is about as well built as any other spatula of this nature.
If you want stronger you'll have to get something metal or wood.
It may be a bit overpriced but that's all a matter of if you can find it cheaper anywhere else or not.
We are using almost daily now and have no complaints.
It literally glides under anything you put it under.
The other day I made eggs in a non-stick pan and dropped the spatula in the pan.
It fell and scooped right underneath the egg.
Only down side it with large or heavy items like pancake flipping unless the pancakes are small.
It dust doesn't have the width to turn those bigger items well.
Works great for everything from eggs to steak.
You do not have to worry about scratching the pan.
i haven't run into any problems yet and i'm glad i bought it.
But, I think the edge is a bit too sharp for the surface of my non-stick pan.
I only wanted one turner-style spatula in my drawer, and opted for this one for its versatility.
Not so much that the spatula became unusable, but enough that I am not so confident using it on nonstick cookware.
In retrospect, I would have splurged for a metal fish turner knowing that it would last a whole lot longer.
These things works amazing, this is bought as a christmas gift.
I use mine almost every day for a year and its still does not need replaced yet.
Shape and curves make it easier to maneuver underneath whatever it is you are trying to flip.
This is light and easy to use - it holds up to a lot of heat and washes well in the dish washer.
Sturdy enough for use even on non stick pans, no sign of being affected by heat, food cleans off without a lot of scrubbing.
I know about this spatula from ATK and they were right!  It's a great spatula, do not hesitate to buy it!.
I particularly like that it is thin enough to slide easily under fish and eggs without causing them to break apart.
It has ideal flexibility - neither floppy nor wholly rigid.
It has just enough give to lift and turn the food.
Screw long handles, this is the best spatula ever.
I use it for pretty much everything now.Hasn't melted as of yet.
It has a thin edge perfect for egg flippery.
I fry a lot of foods and found the Matfer Pelton Spatula to be as good as its word for use on non-stick pans.
It is both thin and flexible, and gets under delicate foods without gouging them, but has enough rigidity to handle their weight.
Haven't tested it beyond oil temperature of 375 degrees F.
I find myself reaching for it often when I'm using my nonstick cookware, but I have to say this thing is way overpriced.
Literally, it couldn't cost more than 5 cents to produce.
The one I received had little bits of extra material I had to trim away with a knife where the mold fit together.
I still believe the price to be a bit high for what it is, but I have grown to absolutely LOVE this spatula.
It's gotten to the point that I will turn my kitchen upside down looking for it every day.
Giving just 3 stars for something I use so much just didn't seem right.
I was looking for a new spatula and noticed that America's Test Kitchen recommended this brand.
We have always had great luck with whatever they recommend.
This spatula is flexible, lightweight, heat resistant and easy to clean.
Have used and used this, in and out of the dishwasher and it's just a perfect as the day I purchased it.
Plastic is never as good as metal when it comes to spatulas, but when using non-stick cookware this spatula does a great job.
It is easy to use, a perfect length, and comfortable in my hand.
I'm a rightie, but my 20 year old son who likes to cook eggs is a leftie and he likes it, too.
The shape of this spatula is ideal for getting in and under most everything in even a small pan.
Great for non stick pans doesn't mar Teflon coating.
Great spatula stiff enough to lift heavy items but flexible and thin enough to get under fragile things.
We have used this spatula almost daily for the past 5 years.
It has lasted longer and performed better than other similar spatulas we have purchased.
I bought several for presents and everyone else likes them also.
The thin blade in front seperates it from wooden spatulas--the only other utensils we have used that come close in usefulness.
It's amazing how something so simple can be so amazing.
I love this spatula and will buy more.
It's excellent for cooking eggs and really anythign else.
I use it for everything just cause it's so great.
The angle is perfect and the material is strong.
I must confess I haven't used it yet, but it's every bit as well-formed and stiff as CI claimed.
This is the spatula I have been looking for for twenty years or longer.
Easy to use and super strong and nice and thin.
I have had this product for many years now (between 5 and 10 years) and I love it.
It is comfortable in the hand and must have been ergonomically designed for turning.
The grey color has discolored over several years (now a kind of yucky yellowish/brownish grey) and the front edge has worn slightly.
But it has held up very well with my frequent use.
The only thing I don't like is that sticky foods will get stuck in the slots and is more work to clean.
Overall, I would definitely purchase again and I recommend this product.
I liked it so much I bought a second one.
Bought the T-Fal 12 or 12.5" non-stick fry pan and needed a pancake turner so as not to scratch the pan.
Once I gripped this mystical spatula in my hand I felt its power coursing through my veins and I was transformed into a MASTER CHEF.
You don't know the power of the Master Chef.
But if you buy this spatula YOU WILL.
Nice tool, works well, non mar in my pots.
The blue color is a little unsettling to my spouse, but color does not affect function so I am pleased.
At first I was a bit skeptical, even after reading the reviews for this product.
After purchasing and using it, I found that the reviewers were right on.
I erred in initially judging this product by its appearance.
It is flexible, but stiff enough not to fold over and drop what you are cooking.
It has a beveled front edge that slides easily under fried eggs.
It does not deteriorate on its edge as do many nylon products of this type.
It is rated by the manufacturer for durability up to 430 degrees, although I do not plan to test this proported fact.
It is great for use on non-stick skillets.
Lastly, for the price it is definitely a good deal.
If you're looking for a flexible spatula, this one is great.
I agree with what some others have said.
This spatula's appearance is misleading in that it's very plain, but it works great.
It has just the right amount of firmness to flexibility and the very thin lip makes it really easy to get under things.
Very thin at the tip so it slides under foods easily.
I recommend that you buy two for flipping fish.
This spatula is not overly long, so it fits in the dishwasher basket, rather than the top rack.
But two of these a year ago, and am still very satisfied with my purchase.
The Spatulas are a lot sturdier and stronger than I had expected and they turn anything I need like a dream.
The only gripe that I have with these is the maximum temperature.
The packaging says it's safe up to 430F.
I decided to give this a test one night when I was shallow frying some tofu and the spatula started to bubble up a bit.
Not a huge deal, I'll still rebuy them once these ones have ceased.
BUT BEWARE: Temperature tolerance is not as high as the packaging says.
I've had this spatula for 2 years now and it's the one I reach for every time, despite having several others.
It's easy to maneuver it under whatever I'm cooking and its great for flipping eggs without breaking the yolks.
It slips under burgers and pancakes in a cinch and the food I'm cooking doesn't stick to it.
The edge of the spatula is thin and is able to get underneath things without marring the surface of your foods.
It also has never scratched a single one of my pans.The plastic is very durable.
Even after 2 years of heavy use it's held up great.
This hasn't affected its performance at all though.
Heat from cooking and the dishwasher haven't phased it.
It's tough! I've had other plastic spatulas melt when set on the edge of a pan - but not this one.
It's also not floppy at all, although it has a slight bit of flexibility to it.The spatula is comfortable to use.
I plan on picking up another one for my RV,.
I wondered if this spatula was as good as people said.
I bought one and gave it to my wife.
She tried it and said she wanted 2 more so she could get rid of all the other clumsy, warped non-stick spatulas in the kitchen.
We now have 3 of these and wonder where this thing has been all our lives.
I used to have a spatula similar to this one and loved it.
You can cut through food and turn heavier foods without it drooping  because of the heat.
I'm sure it will last a long time.
Saw a chef on TV using a tool like this and it caught my eye.
I love it!  I think this is the most I ever spent for an implement for stirring the pots and pans.
But it is proving to me a good investment.
I used this for stir fry and scrambles eggs  and any thing else.
I use it with my non stick pans so they don't get scratched.
It seems hard to get excited about a spatula, but this is a great product.
The design makes it easy to get under food like grilled cheese and pancakes.
I've had the spatula about 6 months now and it has held up to daily use.
I like spatulas shaped like this and this one is great because it's not metal.
I can use it with all my pots and pans and not have to worry about damaging them.
I am thinking about getting another just to have one on hand if the other is dirty.
This was recommended in a video by Chef Susan of Foodell for cooking fish, so I picked one up.
I agree, it works great for flipping fish without worrying about the meat falling apart.
Seems a little pricey for a spatula, but it does the job well.
And since it is plastic, there's no worry of scratching the pan.
I love to cook and do most of the cooking in our house.
A while back, my wife attended a cooking party and purchased one of these.
We have at least 6 different types of spatulas but this is my go to choice.
It is the best for eggs, omelettes, potatos, just about anything you need a spatula for when it comes to turning, flipping, etc.
This spatula is very flexible and thin allowing you to easily get under an omelette without any difficulty.
Although it is thin and flexible, it is very durable.
Shipping is typically less than 3 days if not faster and the order process is clean.
I would highly recommend Prime to anyone that does alot of shopping on-line like I do.
'Cook's Illustrated':"While they may be called fish spatulas, these flexible, thin spatulas are equally adept at flipping chicken cutlets and steaks.
The Matfer received raves for its comfortable handle, long blade, and exceptional performance.
great item! I use it all the time to stir almost everything I cook.
Pretty easy to clean (compared to other non-stick spatulas that I have).
This turner is perfect for flaky fish, pancakes, anything.
It can slide into a smaller frying pan no problem, and it's think, so it goes easily under food.
It also fits well in my drawer as it is pretty flat.
I love this spatula - so much I purchased a second one!  A bit pricey - but the shape is perfect for everything.
Since buying this, I have not used any of my old traditional shaped ones.
Great for everything from stir fry to hamburgers!.
The spatula works great, very slim and great to pick things up from nonstick pan.
The only minor point is there was some slight softening/melting of the spatula during a period of excessive use (flipping pancakes for 15-20 minutes).
But, I have not seen any serious melting, just softening, so I'm not too worried about it as long as I move quickly.
It may seem strange to review a spatula so effusively, but honestly it's just really, really good.
It's somehow both durable (holds up to heat, dishwasher, etc.) and delicate (thin and works with foods that are easy to break when turning).
The shape is a bit unusual, but extremely effective.
I've personally always been thrilled with Matfer Bourgeat kitchen products, and this is no exception.
It's hard to explain the difference between this spatula and others until you use it.
A have many different spatulas, but this is the one I reach for time and again.
but i cook enough, i love the design on this spatula.
It is perfect for  a non stick pan, and a perfect shape to flip near anything.
This is a great Spatula to use on a non stick surface.
It is long enough to pick up delicate fish and sturdy enough to stir a Stir-fry.
When I first saw this I thought it looked thin and not very durable.
It is very hard plastic and looks like it was pressed right out of a mold.
But it works fine for small items like eggs.
Don't try to flip a burger, though, it will fall right off the side.
It's angled slightly and I'm right-handed, so it's perfect for me.
There are still some challenging "flips" and difficulty getting food out of hot pans, but based on my testing, the other spatulas were worse.
I now only have two other spatulas for special uses, the others are gone and this my "go to".
Now there's more room in my utensil drawer.
It's not especially attractive, but it's made my cooking just a little easier.
This is the easiest spatula I've ever used.
It flips pancakes, stir-fries, loosens the edges of corn bread.
It's heat tolerant (doesn't melt on the edge).
This may be the last spatula I ever need to buy.
Why didn't I know about this type of spatula?No peeling, melting, cracking.
It slides easily under fried eggs and pancakes and releases cooked items easily.Best of all, it is made in France and not China!.
This spatula was recommended by ATK and I usually follow their advise.
This very affordable spatula is light weight and shaped right for most any stove top cooking use.
Just don't let it sit too long in hot skillet or you may ruin the edge.
I've had this spatula for over two years now and I simply love it.
It has a wonderful shape, feels comfortable and will not scratch your non-stick pans.
It goes right into the dishwasher and have never had a problem with it melting.
My only complaint is that I use it more often than I run the dishwasher, so frequently end up cleaning it by hand!.
Nice to have an option that is safe on non-stick cookware that is similar to the fish spatula that I have that is metal.
Its a gadget that the more you use, the more you appreciate.
I think I wash this 4-5 times a day, and I've thrown out all other spatulas, but this one.
Five stars, and best spatula ever.Came back to buy more, I can't do with out it - the only one I use.
3 would be not too many for my house since its used constantly.
I thought the price was a bit much for a plastic spatula, but it works great.
I never break the egg yolks with this one.
It's a really good spatula to use on non-stick - rigid enough to lift things but thin enough to get under a fried egg.
A plastic spatula is just never going to have the flex, strength, and heat resistance of a metal one.
But if you have non-stick, ceramic or enamel pans, you can't use a metal spatula or you will scratch and damage the surfaces.
For a plastic spatula, this one is pretty good, thin and flexible.
I just got several Le Creuset pans, so I tried this one out, and liked it enough to go back and buy two more.
The angled tip makes sliding beneath food easy.
Wide enough to handle flipping pancakes, but narrow enough to maneuver around food in an 8-inch pan.
The plastic material doesn't scratch my non-stick pans.
Oil drains nicely through the slots and the slightly angled handle is comfortable, while avoiding awkward angled approaches to handling the food.
The reasonable price brings the value of its form and function all together.
Recommended in cooks illustrated and they hit it on the nose!  Favorite for all kinds of food.
This is the first utensil I go for anytime I need to flip something!.
Because it is essentially fiberglass, it is much more heat resistant than the plasticky/nylon versions of spatulas.
A bit flexible, nicely thin (for silicon) spatula--makes it great for use with non stick or other pans where you want to avoid scratching.
First non metal spatula I've found that is really useful.
This is a good spatula for flipping fish and like things.
I was hoping to purchase a Spatula for my non stick pan.
In the past I have had others which were flimsy.
Worth every penny & I'd recommend buy 2.
Good shape, even for a small 6" saute pan.
Pan end seems to be taking the heat well after a month of home usage.
No melt evident at allReviewed again at 8 months : It's become my favorite for nearly everything because of the thin edge.
This one is on for a stocking stuffer for the family next ChristmasReviewed again at 2 years.
Every time I buy a second one for myself, someone steals it.
It is flexible, easy to grip and has worked wonderfully every time I have used it.
It's fast becoming one of my favorite kitchen gadgets!!!  Everybody should have one!!!.
Got this to keep from scratching pan, but we absolutely love it and use it in non-stick also.
(Actually it's the only one we ever use anymore.)  Thin, strong enough and JUST RIGHT for omelets.
Its long tapered face also supports most of whatever you're lifting out - egg, fish, etc.
making it one of the best spatulas I've ever owned.
I purchased this spatula along with a highly-rated T-Fal fry pan, and it works like a charm.
It flips an egg omelet like you see on those well rehearsed cooking shows.
And it protects the non-stick surface of my fry pan.
It feels great in my hand and its one of those kitchen tools you'll want to keep readily available.
QUITE SIMPLY THE BEST SPATULA ON THE MARKET.
Just be sure NOT to get the Chinese version in flimsy red plastic as it is too rubbery and doesn't handle well.
It holds up well to the dish washer and ultra hot pans.
The subtle curvature of the handle makes it a pleasure to use.
BUY IT !  You'll put all your other spatulas in the draw.
Had to get one for my family's kitchen.
Made in France (go figure) and virtually indestructible.
I have been married for nearly 50 years and I've purchased a zillion spatulas&#8230;this is my favorite.
It is a nice light weight turner and works well in the non stick pans for turning fish and about anything else.
It feels good in my hand and is thin enough to get under things like pancakes and eggs.
It's strong enough for these tasks but not quite stiff enough to handle heavier things, such as lifting large pieces of meat.
I have a ceramic top electric range and mostly stainless cookware.
It really does what they say!  Have destroyed many eggs in frying pan but this little gem makes turning them a LOT easier.
The diagonal end is convenient (at least for the right-handed) for managing items on pan or griddle with natural arm position.
It will cut up your hands and sponges until they get worn down.
This came as recommendation from CooksIllustrated and I could not be happier.
Exactly the right amount of flexibility and it does a great job with flipping eggs.
I have not tried it with fish but if I can flip eggs I'm sure I can flip a fish fillet.
Bought this spatula based on all the previous reviews.
Glad I did as it is all and more than described.
We bought this spatula after our Kitchenaid spatula cracked (after 1 year of use.) This one is very ergonomic and light.
It looks very durable, will see how long it will last.
I give these spatulas to all the cooks I know, and they all love them too.
I've had this spatula for about a year a it's very good and has held up nicely.
The edges of all other plastic spatulas I've had were chewed up in no time flat.
I have a Spatula just like this one, for many years now, they last forever, it seems.
It is so flexible yet strong, it is the Spatula I always reach for in the Kitchen and I have others.
We have 3 and use them for every type of cooking.
Flat - easy to clean (I hate the types that have fat handles, impossible to store away).
Never doubt the power of great design to make a lasting difference in your everyday life.
(Anyone else notice that Amazon is increasingly backing away from its Free Shipping benefit by not carrying more items these days?).
There was a definite difference, but I thought I might be making it up, so I asked for the first glass again.
That third taste seemed identical to the previous taste.
I was disappointed that there wasn't a difference, but relieved because I didn't really want to invest in expensive glasses.I'd been duped.
Instead of getting the first glass back, I got the second one instead.
No wonder they tasted the same.....There really is a marked difference between the correct Riedel glass and any other wine glass.
I've done blind tests on guests with the same results.The good news is the marketing is not just hype.
The bad news is I've invested heavily in expensive glasses.Enjoy!.
When you are drinking great wine this is the glass.
When you are setting a table and you are going to have red and white wine, this makes an impressive setting.
For those reasons alone, this product deserves five stars.
However, for sipping ordinary wine, I recommend the Chardonnay glass.
Also, these take a lot of room on the cupboard shelf.
If you don't already own a set of Riedel, and you're wondering "are they really worth the money?" - well, the answer is YES.
It's the "aroma" factor that makes these delightful glasses worth it.
Unless your "wine" comes in non-grape flavors like raspberry, you will enjoy the "taste/smell" improvement offered by Riedel.
I've compared Riedel to other (cheaper) large wine glasses, and Riedel still comes out ahead.
I've done many, many tests on how wine tastes differently in various glass options and in different situations.
Riedel is one of the tests that is easy for even beginning drinkers to see the difference in.
If you are buying mid-range wines, the difference will blow you away.
If you're a red wine lover, definitely give these a try!.
I was at first skeptical of how an expensive wine glass would enhance one's experience of enjoying a nice wine.
These glasses are perfectly balanced, they make lifting a filled glass effortless.
While not the least expensive of the finer wine glasses, these are a pleasure to hold, and look wonderful in candlelight.
I would highly recommend these glasses if you want to enjoy your everyday wine experience.
They are great and pretty much as advertised.
If you need some wide, shallow mixing bowls, these are a nice choice.
Their design is attractive and basic, and you know the benefits of Pyrex.
After burning through/cracking several so-called &#34;microwave-safe&#34; bowls with my new microwave, I finally found something that works (as long as I don't drop one).
Should have bought these in the first place.
I love these! They're the perfect size for mixing and cooking and they're dishwasher safe which is great.
Plus, I'm glad to have a non-plastic bowl for times when we need to put things in the microwave.
These bowls arrived promptly and perfect condition (I was a little worried they'd break in transit) I would definitely buy these again.
They are the perfect sizes and the quality you would expect from Pyrex.
Little need be added to this classic set of Pyrex mixing bowls, except to those used to using plastic--these are HEAVY!  Great bicep workout.
I would consider a set of Pyrex mixing bowls a kitchen basic that all households should have.
Just because they are glass, does not mean that they break easily.
We have dropped these on occasion and they never broke, cracked, or chipped.
They can take a lot of abuse and still hold up well.
They work great as prep or serving bowls.
Probably one of the best purchases I ever made.
I bought these because I do not like the idea of mixing hot ingredients/liquid in plastic bowls (carcinogens!!).
These bowls (set of three) are perfectly sized for different uses and they do not crack or break! I love them!.
These Pyrex Preware 3-piece mixing bowl set are wonderful! I love pyrex products, I  will use nothing less.
You can always count on pyrex for quality.
I used it once yesterday @ 400 oven and I nothing happened to bowls.
If some thing goes wrong with bowl, I will come back and give a lower review.
Pyrex bowls like these have been around forever.
I do know that you always need to check any you buy for defects before using them.
Most defects don't ever get worse and I have actually just used ones that had it for many years.
Most are made perfect and they last and last.
I like them because you can see to clean them and they come in functional sizes.
There are never enough bowls when you need them!  These take a lot of abuse and use.
These bowls are perfect for everything from mixing to serving snack items for a casual get together.
Glass Rules!! Love My Pyrex!! - Dishwasher Yes, Clean Use Of Pyrex Bowls.
Just Right Sizes Outside Of Your Largest Mixing Bowl & Fit Nicely Inside Of One Another Storing!!.
It's nice to find Pyrex brand bowls in sets, but alas this is not the &#34;ovenware&#34; of old.
Pyrex does still make pie-plates in Ovenware glass, where it's essential.
The sizes are absolutely perfect, making it easy to have one for batter, one for breading, etc.
Good quality glass bowls, well suited for mixing, storage, and heating.
These bowl are perfect for cooking and storing.
I normally use them to prepare, but you could equally use them to present.
Great for mixing, serving and general kitchen use.
They hold up well and I trust them to not shatter when I set them on the granite counter tops in my apartment.
These are durable and reliable as is most Pyrexware.
They are just the right sizes for my needs and my available storage space in the kitchen.
They wash easy and are not too heavy to lift.
*I have arthritic hands and that's an important feature to me*  Plus the brand name being Pyrex says it all.
I am 66 years old and have used Pyrex products all my adult years with total satisfaction.
I have not had a chance to use the bowls yet but they are what I wanted and what I ordered.
Lots of research before I purchased this set.
Took the advise of another person on here and got the ones with the lids.
The lid has a very nice tight fit.Chris Olsen.
Pyrex is awesome!  These bowls are a little smaller than I thought they'd be, but it turns out they're perfect for my purposes.
These are great sizes, perfect for most everything in the kitchen they are dishwasher safe and microwave safe, and the price was perfect.
This set would be a perfect gift for a new home.
I love that they come with lids so I can bring dishes to dinner parties and BBQ's.
I hope to purchase another set in the future.
I've had these for about 14 years and I'm still using them.
I can't use them to serve anymore because they scratch rather easily and look awful, but they're still on the mixing job.
It's just one of those things everyone should have in their cabinet to make life easier.
I grew up with these bowls, and just decided to get myself a set as well.
The bowls are excellent for mixing in and very easy to keep clean because they are glass.
They don't corrode and don't change the taste of anything you put in them.
While these are also oven safe, I don't think we have ever actually baked anything in them, but that's nice to know.
Maybe one of these days I'll bake some bread in one to see what happens.
I almost got the set with 4 bowls, but I'm glad I didn't as I think the smallest bowl would have potentially been too small.
These bowls are very nicely sized.I like that it is very easy to store these.
Simply put the lids on each bowl and next them inside each other.
Do make sure they are dry though if you do this as the lids seal extremely well.
I've had covered mixing bowls before and they've always sealed like crap.
I'm very pleased with how these seal.These are of course easy to clean.
They are easy to use a hand mixer in.
They have a variety of very useful sizes for your needs.I'm very pleased with these items.
The bowls themselves could easily go into the dishwasher though.
I liked them because they are pretty much the perfect sizes needed for average kitchen mixing needs.
Sturdy solid bowls that Pyrex is known for.
They are also nesting which makes for easy storage and more room in your cabinet.
Great for melting chocolate over simmering water and the various sizes allow for different uses.
They are heavyweights glass And will last hundred years.
I actually use the two larger sized to serve my husband salad.
He likes large salads and I was tired of serving him in plastic bowls as if he was a 2-year-old.
They of course have come in handy for mixing things and storing things.
The lids appear to be well made and fit tightly.
Perfect mixing bowl set made with the same care and durability as all Pyrex glass items.
This is a very nice set of mixing bowls, and so far living up to the Pyrex standard of products.
For mixing and for melting chocolate over a pan of water, these just serve every purpose.
I don't know what has happened but I have returned to Pyrex and found what I was missing.
THEY ARE WONDERFUL!!!Buy them and you will not need mixing bowls for decades.
Pyrex is the name brand standard for most glass items in your kitchen.
They are insanely high quality--they don't chip, they don't break.
Not exactly breaking the bank for a nice set of mixing bowls.
Rinse your rice, mix your meatloaf, make some yogurt sauce, whatever.Verdict: Buy.
The perfect basic 3-bowl set for small kitchens.
bowls with lids on, nests easily, space-saving for storage.
Heavy.To save you the trouble of searching for details as I did before purchasing.
bowl 8 and a half inch outside edge, 7 &#8540;" inside edge.
9 &#8542;" outside edge, 8 " inside edge.
Lip edge on all bowls half inch around.All Made in the US.
This is a pretty good assortment of bowls.
It replaced some odd bowls I've had for years.
I did keep a couple sizes I need and this set did not have.
But they are Pyrex and I expect good service as I have had with other Pyrex items.
the different sizes of the bowls work great when mixing dry ingredients to add to a recipe.
The largest bowl is about the size of a medium to small bowl.
Just be aware they are not a normal size set.
Great, even the smallest bowl is big enough to really use.
Look good to serve with but also practical enough to cook with.
I'm trying to get away from plastic so I love that these are all glass.
These three thick, sturdy mixing bowls are durable, stable, lasting, stackable (making them storage-friendly), easy to clean, and versatile (microwave, refrigerator, oven, and dishwasher safe).
What more can you ask for for $10? Some people prefer more bowls, but three is adequate for apartment dwellers.
Real happy with this set of mixing glass bowls.
You can't go wrong with these 3 different size bowls.
The bowl sizes are handy and they wash up like new every time.
This is a good investment if you are starting your kitchen up.
Have been in the dishwasher and microwave with no issues.
Bought the 4 qt Pyrex separately, and the four nest together perfectly.
They are great for food prep, serving, and storing food.
I also love how they nest in one another for storage.
You can mix, bake (ziti), and refrigerate in these.
And they're just as sturdy as the ones my mom used over 30 years ago.
It's nice to have a product that doesn't feel like a lightweight version of its former self.
I use the Pyrex Prepware 3-Piece Mixing Bowl set all the time when preparing meals.
I use for mixing ingredients while baking and they work well and clean well.
They work fine in the microwave and dishwasher too.
I wouldn't think of mixing and storing food in any material other than glass.
I have these bowls and they are wonderful.
I use them every single day, from everything to making biscuits and pie dough to mixing a quick salad.
They clean up so nicely--never stain or hold odors from other foods.
I feel that since plastic and other synthetic materials are made from petroleum, they can't be safe.
Another safety factor is that plastic/synthetic bowls scratch and therefore bacteria and such can penetrate them.
You won't go wrong with these bowls and they are an excellent value to boot.
Three heavy, high quality, Pyrex mixing bowls (stackable), with lids.
My wife was delighted and I expect to get many years of service from them.
These bowls are as reliable as my Pyrex measuring cups which I have in several sizes.
These bowls are made out of thick, strong glass that can take a beating.
The edge is perfect for handling the hot bowls out of the microwave.
Got one size bowl larger and now have a four piece set that nestles perfectly.
I am a big fan of Pyrex pans.
They are great! I love that you can use them in the microwave, the oven or even freeze foods in them.
They wash up great and they look as new as the day I got them (I've had them for a few years now).
I use all 3 sizes for one thing or another.
Easy to see if they are not clean, easy to wash, just don't drop them because they are glass and they will break!.
I love this brand of anything they have.
They always come through and above my spectations.
I wanted to get nicer mixing bowls, these are a great price and look great too.
I am happy and will get more when needed.
I really like these as a single guy who uses dishwasher for everything, they are perfect.
I use them for fruit, mixing, even togo food that needs a bowl like Pho, curry, etc.
highly recommend, it's a no brainerThe big bowl is pretty big to.
The bowls are nice, but the lids seem a little flimsy.
I usually don't get rowdy with my leftovers, but I am still leery of the quality of the seal.
I really like this set, in particular the lids, which are the reasons I bought this set in the first place.
now, do they sell the lids separately?  no :P.
Purchased these by accident and decided to keep them.
Great price and exactly what one would expect from Pyrex.
they do the job for whatever you are trying to do.
The price isnt bad so if i ever drop one, id be glad to get another three for under $12.
Wow!  Upgraded my kitchen!  Real Pyrex, all you'll need...Use for mixing, heating, storing in the fridge.Amazon sells anything I want, with deals and fast delivery.
Mix it bake it wash it do whatever.
These bowls are tough and ready to do whatever you need.
I know these will be around my kitchen for a long time.
It is all that is needed in my kitchen for mixing.
I think it's classy easy clean up and you can see what your doing.
Pyrex is a product in the kitchen that is second to known.
These bowls are great for mixing up your favorite cooking ingredients or even light baking needs.
They are great for mixing light ingredients or salad.
I was looking at the 8 piece set for this item when I read a review that mentioned that the largest bowl is quite large.
I got to looking at what I had at home, their sizes and realized that I did not want nor need a bowl that large.
I opted for the 6 piece set instead of the 8 piece set.
I am glad that I went with the smaller set; it meets my needs.
Thick, sturdy, and heavy duty glass bowls that are non-porous and and cinch to clean up.
The lids fit snugly and are a nice bonus.
I've used them in the freezer, in the oven and in the dishwasher, and the bowls are just as good as new!.
That attests to either the gentle nature of the delivery man (yeah right), or the quality of the bowls.
I have a feeling that providing I don't drop them, I'll be mixing cookies, cakes, and muffins with them for a while!.
Sturdy bowls that are wide enough for vigorous stirring, but deep enough to be functional.
I have accidentally dropped these a couple of times without breaking.
(Don't try this on purpose!) I am sure that they will break if given enough abuse.
THESE BOWLS ARE PERFECT FOR MY NEEDS AND I WOULD HIGHY RECOMMEND THEM TO FOLKS WHO DO NOT ENTERTAIN I A BIG WAY ANYMORE.
It's useful - good sizes and I can put them in the dishwasher.
These bowl are just what I needed and expected.
They are very thick pyrex and each size is useful.
The lids are great and I am even thinking of ordering another set for myself and maybe yet another as a gift.
These glass bowls are great and come in the perfect sizes for anything you want to mix or serve in the kitchen.
Easy to clean and withstand lots of abuse! Definitely worth purchasing!.
Great mixing bowls, love to also use them for storage.
Unfortunately, the lids are not water or air tight, so only use them for storing things for short periods of time, in the refridgerator.
I am very happy with this set of 3 bowls.
The different sizes are perfect for my various needs, and I have not had any problems with them at all.
I felt that the price was more than reasonable for the quality that I received.
Sturdy enough for everyday use but nice enough to serve at a family meal.
The set was shipped nested together with cardboard in between each bowl.
Additionally, it had a ton of bubble wrap protection around the grouping.
I was totally amazed at the care taken to prevent them from breaking in transit.
One can never have enough glass bowls in the kitchen.
I make microwave popcorn in the big one, and use the smaller ones for mixing, serving, and storing.
I used to have a larger set of these bowls, but I gave them to my son when he moved out.
I replaced them with stainless steel bowls and immediately regretted it.
These bowls have relatively steep sides so they are easy to use for mixing small batches.
The smallest bowl is fantastic for heating a can of soup or my favorite hot breakfast cereal, grits.
I love these bowls and I would definitely purchase them again.
Hopefully, though, I won't be so nice as to give this set away.
The smallest one is the size of one of my cereal bowls.
They look better than my plastic ones, and they are crazy easy to clean.
Where would I be without these bowls? Probably in a Bowl-less World and I just cannot face the idea of such a bleak existence.
These Pyrex mixing bowls get used all the time in my household.
I especially like the smaller one for salads as it's deep enough for your lettuce to not fly everywhere when mixing and chopping.
They are well made with a lip around the top edge for ease of use.
I bought these for myself this time and use for mixing and salads.
I lunch with big fresh salads and the middle size is perfect for that.
The &#34;old&#34; set stays at my other house where I go on holidays.
Smaller than I expected, but still very nice.
I think I should have paid more attention to the reviews.
I will still use them just not for beating something, as they are not very deep.
These are good quality and the set comes in a nice range of sizes for various uses.
These bowls are durable, heavy and the perfect size for what I needed.
They fit nicely in each other, which is perfect for storage.
I received these in the mail the other day and they're beautiful.
They stack well within each other but I don't think they will stack well if you buy two or more sets.
The tops flare out evenly to prevent excessive spills.
I love glass bowls because you can see what you put in them.
These are on the larger side but they work well in my kitchen.
A person that cooks cannot do without these bowls.
I broke two of them and was totally lost until I ordered these.
Love the product and will not do without a set in my house.
Needed some run-of-the-mill mixing bowls for my apartment kitchen.
They are easy to clean, hard to break, and oven and microwave safe, so what else could you want in a mixing bowl?.
They are my replacements for the plastic ones I had for years.
In the past I'd had plastic ones, but I always love the look of glass- so this time I bought glass.
I love baking, but never bake huge batches of things.
These three bowls are just the right size for a family of 4 to 6.
It includes a 1 quart, 1 1/2 quart, and 2 1/2 quart bowl.
Not as easy to move around as plastic ones, but they also don't tip over as easily.
I prefer the fact they don't tip over as easily.
Keeps messes to a minimum- even with kids helping you cook.
We've dropped them a few times- they've never cracked, never chipped, never broke.
They look nice even when they're not being used.
We store them on a kitchen shelf and they look pretty with the rest of the cookware.
The smooth surface can pretty much be wiped out with a paper towel and shines perfectly.
They're a great set to keep on hand- although I think I could use two of them during bigger family events and holidays.
I love how easy they are to store.
And I love how the different sizes are ideal for the things I need to use mixing bowls for!.
Got this along with another set of Pyrex bowls.
They are dependable kitchen-ware and don't stain from the different things you mix in them.
Not a bad price for the use that you get from them either.
I love the price, fast shipping and ease of purchase right to my door.
I use mine for everything in the kitchen!.
We take this to our local restaurant and have them put our hot to go soup in it.
this way we avoid the chemicals from the Styrofoam or plastics (BPAs).
We use these to store anything that is still warm or hot and they double as nice mixing bowls.
Got this set for only $14 and I'm happy about it.
I had to have these for my baking needs.
Bought these bc w e moved and left the old set behind.
These are a great set of mixing bowls.
You can use them for mixing, baking in the oven, microwaving, storing stuff in the fridge, and they're dishwasher safe.
I am getting more use out of these bowls than I figured I would.
Not large enough for double batches of most pies.
Do not ever buy anything, but pyrex! These mixing bowls are the best, and every time I move I purchase new ones.
They are easy to clean, especially if you don't have a dishwasher.
I also bought a set for my elderly/widower dad's understocked kitchen and found it to be a very nice investment for that.
Received as ordered, I would recommend this to anybody interested in purchasing a good quality product at a great price.
I grew up with them, had them in my kitchen, and now I've bought a set for my son who's off at college.
The 3 sizes offer all the versatility you need, from mixing the ingredients for brownies to making tuna salad.
They also work as serving bowls, for everything from salad to fruit to tacos.
They're heavy duty, sturdy, reliable and dishwasher safe.
Needed a set of glass mixing bowls that I could use in the microwave for cooking frozen veggies, pasta and rice.
Love the nice clean design and are perfect for my needs.
So far these mixing bowls have been great.
These are very strong and sturdy, I'm not worried about my child breaking these when she helps out in the kitchen.
The sizes in the set are perfect for a variety of uses.
This is a great Pyrex 6 Piece Mixing Bowl with Colored Lid Set.
I really like it because you can cook and store with this set.
I really enjoy the see through bowls and I'm thinking more sanitary then plastic to.
I love these bowls! I use them to prep, when I am mixing, baking, and battering.
They are excellent and a breeze to clean! They are sturdy too, great feel to them.
I am sure these will last me long enough to pass them down.
I'd had my last set of Pyrex bowls for over 30 years, but after so many washings, they were more opaque than clear.
Found these on Amazon and when they arrived, it was like Christmas for me.
How funny that a box of three bowls could make me that happy.
But when you use something practically daily, this was a treat.The lids are great.
I don't use them often but am glad when I do need them, that they are there.I store these with basket coffee filters in between.
Glass won't ruin acidic ingredients like metal will and feels more durable (and transparent) than plastic.Love the lids.
Nice and heavy, strong and durable, great bowls.
The sizes are perfect for many different uses.
They are dishwasher safe which makes them even better.
Good quality bowls in three different sizes that can be used for different purposes .Good value for the price.Easy to clean too.
I have been using them every day since I received them.
we've had these bowls for a few years now.
the big one broke a few months ago and we didn't hesitate to replace it.
the set of three was cheaper than just the one, so we bought a new set.
got the new bowls, but when i got home and completely opened them we found that the largest one was broken.
we're in germany, so that is to be expected sometimes.
got the new set and the big one was intact.
at that point we had three of the small and medium and one large, so we gave the extras to neighbors.
the bowls are great and kudos to amazon for customer service.
Although a little high priced, this has got to be the best value for this type of mixing bowl on the market.
Quality is unmatched, design is superb, just the right weight and shape to do it's job.
Just perfect for the kitchen and it comes in very handy.
These are the bowls that you want to have in a kitchen with wood floors.
Great to have this set which are all smaller than my two mainstay bowls.
Why is it that the smallest bowl is the first one to go.
And of course the smallest bowl is my favorite.
I use these Pyrex bowls and covers for many uses: they are the best for storage of cooked fruit, vegetables, fish, etc.
They are good for uncooked (raw) foods as well, especially left-over items from opened cans of food.
The covers help keep the food fresh for future use.
This must be done carefully and checked before placing into the refrigerator or freezer.
I had a couple of occasions, that the rim was not completely sealed, and the food spoiled within a few days.
I have found that I have saved money, over the plastic, disposable food storage containers.
Once they develop an odor of fish, especially, or get oily from the food contents, they are very hard to clean and reuse.
That is when they must be disposed of.
However, these Pyrex bowls and covers are very hardy, durable and easy to clean.
I don't have to worry about scratches, rust or warping.
They are a mainstay in my busy kitchen.
Everyone needs a set of mixing and serving bowls, and these work great.
They're easy to clean, and the different sizes are also helpful.
I've always loved Pyrex, and these bowls are no exception.
Everyone needs a good set of mixing bowls.
These are very strong and durable--they will not shatter if you drop them.
They can take a pounding from beaters and metal tools, and I expect to own them for a very long time.
I wish the sides of the big bowl were a little higher sometimes, but that is a quibble.
I received this set as a Christmas gift several years ago.
As other reviewers have stated, the bowls work well for many different mixing and serving purposes.
What I like most about these bowls is how easy they are to clean.
Unlike certain other types of glassware, they shed grease quite easily when washed in the sink.
I needed to replace my 30 year old Pyrex bowls.
I love the new ones with lids! Nothing wrong with old ones, just scratched & cloudy from much use.
I've added a 4th one (bigger) to have a complete set.
I use them a *lot* so I do not think this is a manufacturing defect but rather a heavy use issue.
Very useful but no 5th star because of longevity concerns.
They're Pyrex, that should be enough info right there.
Very sturdy bowls that fit nicely inside each other.
I want doubles so I'll be ordering another set right away.
These are a must have in the kitchen.
I have 2 sets of these bowls and they are fantastic.
They are very durable and have so many uses in the kitchen.
I use them all the time- the glass is high quality and wash beautifully-no streaking, cloudiness etc.
Don't bother buying plastic or cheaper glass-Rene Y.
How can you not love clear mixing bowls and of course Pyrex is such a good manufacturer.
These bowls are great for mixing, serving and chilling.
The size of the bowels are not real big, but they are very useful.
I have larger bowels but these seem to fit the full size selection.I'm happy I bought them.
i prefer glass prepware when mixing stuff, clean up is a breeze and stuff doesn't stick to it as much.
As usual, Pyrex lives up to their reputation.
But that's because I didn't read the dimensions.
my bad!They still are great quality and I use them quite frequently...There's not much else to say about them.Easy to clean and store I guess.
The three sizes are just right for a multitude of cooking or baking projects.
I often had difficulty finding enough bowls to mix ingredients - dry, moist, egg with milk etc,  Three bowls makes it easy, peasy.
This is a great collection of heavy duty, well made bowls.
This is a very nice set and a great addition to any kitchen.
This set of Pyrex mixing bowls were a gift to Granddaughter in Navy that needed some kitchen items.
These bowls are great mixing bowls, and was what she needed.
They can be put in microwave which is a plus.
Amazon sent them to her and they arrived in time for Christmas.........Sally T.
This 3 piece Mixing Bowl Set from Pyrex offers the ideal sizes to fill in those gaps in your mixing bowl needs.
They appear to be well made and certainly are a value at the listed price.
For years I have struggled to find something in the kitchen that is properly proportioned for a given task.
Bought these for myself ~ couldn't pass up free shipping and sale price.
Also ~ needed a couple more mixing bowls.
However ~ I use these mostly as a double broiler.
They work wonderful, SO break resistant, take my word for it.
They are very versatile and great to have in the kitchen for all kinds of prep work.
they are round, made of glass, seem well built and i can mix food in them.
They are heavy enough to do the job but not so heavy that they are difficult to carry.
well, nice thing special and really nothing to complain about the set.
Same as probably all other mixing bowls you used and great for the price.
These are so handy for a variety of dishes and I was happy to find them on Amazon.
I have been using the heck out of them.
I received the set before the deliver due date and in perfect condition.
I can't believe I found these bowls for such a great price - and free shipping.
I grew up with these bowls, my mother still has hers, and although they're scratched, they do the job fine.
Can't go wrong with Pyrex- real tempered glass.
Great as a double boiler for melting chocolate.
Pyrex brand lives up to it's name with this set of mixing bowls.
They're perfect size for various mixing & measuring needs, and nesting helps with minimizing storage needs.
As stated in other reviews here, these bowls are very versitile.I use them as serving bowls, as well as mixing bowls.
They go into the fridge for storage, and into the microwave for cooking.
It comes with the perfect sizes and there is nothing like pyrex.
They're versatile and can be used for many different purposes.
This is exactly what I needed for my main set of mixing bowls - they nest and have great fitting and colorful lids.
Plus, they are not too heavy at all, but yet obviously sturdy.
And I love the lip around the top edge of the bowls, as they make it easier to carry or lift with pot holders.
I use to have the old colored design Pyrex bowls, but they were quite heavy.
I currently have sturdy plastic nesting bowls but they have their downfalls.
This clear glass set is far superior in so many ways.
I imagine I will make A LOT of use of these for years to come.
The bowls are a very good quality, and the design is well done.
Pyrex quality, easy to clean, I don't know how I ever did without them.
I have used them for several months, put them through the rigors of my cooking, and they've survived and remain scratch-free.
I do cooking videos and these bowls are perfect for others and yourself to see what is going on in the bowl.
They are not expensive and have been a classic for many years.
I think for the quality and for the price it is difficult to beat these bowls.
My last set of Pyrex bowls was more than 20 years old and getting pretty scratched up, plus I had broken one.
Their weight makes them stable on the counter when mixing, whipping, or stirring and are heat resistant.
The glass is tempered and thick so they are very study.
I like my stainless bowls, too, but because they are so light weight, they require a pretty firm grip.
These glass bowls clean easily, and are dishwasher safe.
This is a quality set that any cook would love to see as a gift, too.
They're bowl shaped, which is what I look for in a mixing bowl.
They stack together and don't take up a ton of room.
Always look brand new regardless of how many times they are used.
I have always been a big fan of Pyrex.
Cooks well in the microwave, and always looks beautifully clean.
Now, perhaps part of it was my fault; maybe the lid should have been looser.
However, I have never had that happen on a Pyrex dish before.
I am still a fan of Pyrex, nothing lasts longer and cleans better.
The lids are great when you have leftovers; you don't need to transfer to a plastic container.
I bought this set because I wanted clear mixing bowls and I like the rim around the top.
I have other Pyrex products which have lasted for years.
A little on the heavy side, and wish they were a tad bigger but they did the job.
These go from my microwave to the table.
I use them to mix when I'm cooking.
They are exactly as I'd expected, and as described.
I love these mixing bowls, they are strong and the fact that they are clear makes it just great.
I use these all the time and have been using it for over a year.
These bowls arrived hidden in about six yards of bubble wrap sealed with strong tape.
Once I clawed my way to the center I was pleased to see how solid these bowls are for the price.
They nest perfectly and look nice enough to use as servingware.
However, they are a little on the small side - my boyfriend uses the smallest one as a cereal bowl.
For just the two of us, though, the other bowls in this set are quite big enough to mix up anything we need.
Lids fit perfectly and its nice to use glass instead of plastic.
You cannot have a working kitchen without AT LEAST one set of these bowls, preferably two sets!  Perfection itself.
I have become increasingly fond of glass items in the kitchen.
I have purchased glass lids for many of my pots, etc.
I prefer to see what is happening during mixing and cooking.
Current glass, including Pyrex, is very durable; I have never broken a piece.These bowls work brilliantly for myriad uses.
I copped some dope Pyrex because yeezy told me to.
Good for cooking both pastries and other substances.
I had a problem with the middle size bowl (it came with a crack), and Amazon replaced it at no-cost.
The bowels itself are very good -- thick glass, good weight, and good bowl shape.
I use them in my room to cook with.
They've been the perfect sizes to put in the microwave to make ramen and pasta in.
Strange to get excited by glass bowls, but I have.
I think they remind me of my mom (not the thick and strong part) ;-).
i've just started doing more cooking and the large bowl is great for mixing things.
my only complaint is it is hard to get the covers off.
there is no tab like a tupperware cover to grab so you need to go all around the bowl to get the cover off.
This is the second set of Pyrex prepare 3-piece missing bowl set we have purchased.
Ideal for prepping dry and wet ingredients for baking, Pyrex consistently delivers a quality product, would definitely recommend.
I knocked these a star because the bowls that were sent to me had little scratches and so forth in them.
Pyrex cookware has become our go-to pan of choice when cooking.
These are easy to use, provide even heating, and clean realtively easy.
Was surprised at how evenly it baked its first pan of brownies, from edge to center.
This item is high quality and I recommend it.
But frankly the ones that come with the blue plastic lids are way more handy.
This product was delivered promptly and I am very satisfied with it.
I've used it a lot in such a short time.
We are three in my family so far (hope to have more kids soon) so this baking dish is perfect for us.
Fits in the dishwasher easily and you can about make anything you want.
I use this dish very regularly for Sunday Nachos!!.
I have been using the same 2- and 3-quart Pyrex oblong dishes for over 35 years with no problems.
But mostly I bake chicken and desserts in them at temps no higher than 350 deg.
I agree with another reveiwer that perhaps the problems are with manufacturing.
Is the company cutting costs and/or is their Quality dept.
lax? I was going to buy a new set of Pyrex, but after reading the negative reiews will keep my weathered old set.
These Pyrex dishes are hard to beat for the price.
That way you're more assured of it not breaking.
I would recommend a pottery dish over this one though but if you're looking for cheap, this is it.
You absolutely cannot take these from the fridge and put it in the oven.
Of course glass will shatter at extremely high temperatures and Pyrex was never intended to be used on the stovetop or under the broiler.
People, please read the directions for proper use.
I've baked and roasted in pyrex for years with wonderful and tasty results.
The bottom of this pan is not quite flat.
It is what you should be expecting for a glass pan.
Great for making large meals! Great quality, gets lots of use, and lots of love.
It can be a great serving dish as well.
I have other set of Pyrex and they work good.
I will be ordering more when I need more.
I love it! I just wish it had a lid.
Exactly what I needed for my family of four with two teenagers! The 9x11 just wasn't enough food for us anymore.
I have used it twice so far and it is just as I expected, performing just like my smaller older Pyrex casserole dish.
Needed to update my bake-ware,Price is so right, love the cleanup, I can serve right in the the pan- casserole.
We have been using these Pyrex pans twice a week for quite some time to bake ground turkey in.
Packaged well and a decent value for the buck.
There are lots of obvious uses for this pan, such as jumbo portions of lasagna.
But for me, this is also the pan I haul out at Thanksgiving for turkey duty.
The plastic bag keeps the meat moist and helps it cook evenly, as the steam is contained around the bird.
I etched some names and designs on this as a wedding gift.
I actually am very happy with some cheaper brand from target, but I wanted the pyrex name since this was a gift.
These are a very nice size and can be hard to find.
It has a few imperfections -- bubbles in the glass etc.
but it does the job and that's all I care about.
Finally I have a dish large enough for a full side of sockeye when I have guests over.
This baking dish is larger than the one it replaced, but it is exceptional.
It takes the heat of an oven very well and clean up, so far, has been easy.
I got this in stores for 14 US dollars and it is amazing.
I cleans right up and will fit any type of loaf I make and fits 2 whole chickens plus trimmings.
large meat-loafs , roasts and lasagna for 5 people, minimum.
If you make casseroles for large groups, this larger size dish will do the trick.
Remember it's glass, so caution when cooking as it tends to brown on the bottom quickly.
I will often use a baking pan underneath.
This particular Pyrex was used today to make (doesn't matter).
It is a wonderful size, the handles are easy to grasp for transferring from oven to cooling rack.
You CANNOT put it from fridge to stove top, from FREEZER to stove top, or any other quick ideas for use.
Pyrex is used to put in oven to BAKE.
Pyrex will last for anyone's 'forever' if used properly.
It is the biggest one I got now.
Bigger than I could find at any local store.
It works good and the glass is really strong and pretty think.
It is perfect for baking things that can fit into this size baking dish.
It's probably safe in the freezer, I think.It also is dishwasher safe.
However, you can wash it with dishwashing soap and water in the kitchen sink.
My dish feels very solid to the touch.
I bought this to replace an aluminum cake pan.
I wanted a non  reactive pan at a reasonable price.
I like to make a sour cream banana cake and it reacts with the aluminum which turns the outside black.
It can take the over sized recipes that I make and it will be great for lasagna.
I just made a quick apple crisp last night and it turned out great.
I am not sure why but as an Amazon prime account holder I am disappointed.
It is an easy clean up and your food cooks evenly.
It's a bit too big for a standard lasagna dish, but it's heavy duty and functions perfectly in the oven.
I had a nice 9X13 rose colored one I shattered by turning on the wrong burner on my stove.
Luckily I wasn't in the room and it really scared me.
So I really empathize with people who have them shatter while they're standing right there.
Awful.My 11X15 I bought enough years ago that the glass must have been better quality.
Even so, I can't see myself using large glass above 400 and smaller ones a little higher for very brief periods.
I got a chip in mine but use it anyway, use it a lot and would be lost without it.
I always put mine to cool on a rack.
But some of you aren't getting it that far.
And not to mention a large batch of something not fit to eat.
I've cooked like $25 worth of fish (would be more now) and just the work, that's enough.
We have a huge family and when we get together for dinner, we need a lot of food.
Using this baking dish, I can create enough lasagna for 12 people easily, with some leftovers.The dish is amazing how easy it cleans up.
Received this and used it immediately and was very very satisfied.
When pyrex gets old it becomes somewhat etched and difficult to clean, you don't realize this until you get a new one.
Will be replacing all my old glass this year! Love this product.
I had this Baking Dish for years, Pyrex Bakeware 4.8 Quart Oblong.
These really allow the wine to breathe, but they are very fragile.
IF you have someone that is rough when washing the dishes, don't expect to get more than 6 months out of them.
They are 5 stars nonetheless because being rough is not the fault of the glassware.
I've done many, many tests on how wine tastes differently in various glass options and in different situations.
Riedel is one of the tests that is easy for even beginning drinkers to see the difference in.
If you are buying mid-range wines, the difference will blow you away.
If you're a pinot fan, definitely give these a try!.
I was thrilled to see these red wine glasses at the Friday Sale; I was finally able to afford to try the famous Reidel glasses.
These are very, very nice and worthy of their reputation.
Now add wine:  they're terrific!  The shape of these glasses allows you to really appreciate the nose of the wine.
I've heard people say that they use these glasses for red and white wines; I do, too.
I find that the aroma of all my wines is more  pleasing to me in these glasses.
The beverage director used glasses of this shape and size, and talked about how the shape of the glass can enhance the single malt experience.
They are pricey, but a wonderful way to help you enjoy your favorite single malt scotch, and I recommend them highly.
Plus Amazon's prices were the best I could find when I purchased them.
I bought these for my husband, hoping they would do the same for scotch.
Every once in a while you just need to splurge on yourself and anyone who knows glass knows that means Riedel.
I enjoy a good glass of single malt scotch occasionally and somehow, these Riedel Vinum Single Malt Whiskey Glasses make that more pleasurable.
The very shape of the delicate crystal lends itself to enhancing the subtle tastes of a fine single malt.
Whether you enjoy a delicate single malt whiskey like Glenmorangie or the bold, in your face peaty taste of Lagavulin this is for you.
I like good bourbon (Jack Daniels Single Barrel) and have found out that it tastes even better from these Riedel glasses.
It is remarkable to take a taste test; it is almost unbelievable.
We also have Riedel wine glasses which we enjoy as well.
Riedel is a good value for people who enjoy good booze.
These glasses feel great in your hand and are very attractive without being too feminine.
I am not a whiskey drinker, but my husband is.
He likes how they make his whiskey taste and I like how the look - a win/win!.
Huge improvement over the heavy generic glasses I was using.
There is a running conflict between people that like this style of whiskey glass versus those that like the &#34;Glencairn&#34; glass.
I've tried both and to my &#34;taste&#34; I prefer the shape of these glasses.
I like the wider opening of this glass, which allows me to appreciate the aroma of the scotch as well as the taste.
I bought these as a gift for my a friend of my husband.
I did look for information about the Riedel types and shapes.
According to the manufacturer, the company did research with the help of master distillers in Scotland.
This resulted the design of a glass that is an elongated thistle shape on a truncated stem.
The Riedel Sommeliers Series Single Malt Whiskey Glass is also available here at Amazon.
The Vinum looks very lovely and is very nice and thin, there are no seams on the bowl, stem or base.
(The Reidel name is etched on the bottom of the base.) It is made of over 24% lead crystal.
There are 2 glasses per box, they are hand wash only.
He also said it also makes you appreciate the whiskey more and pay attention to it when you are drinking with the special glasses.
They made a beautiful gift with a bottle of his favorite drink.
I found familiar scotches revealing unknown flavors and aromas.
Ultra clear, they show off the color of the whiskey perfectly.
I used to drink whiskey from cut glass, and never realized how that interfered with observing color.
That in itself aids the appreciation of any whiskey.
The flared shape makes it ideal for appreciating the volatiles in the liquid.These glasses are very well made.
The label on the glass states that they are machine made, not hand made.
This applies to cognac, armagnac, aged rums, top end tequila such as Cabo Wabo and any number of spirits.
I bought this as a gift for a friend who turned 21.
The product appearance is good, it is easy to assemble and use, and the "recipe" function is useful.
If I needed a shaker, I would purchase this one.
The recipes on the outside are a bit gimmicky.
However, this is a decently well made product that gets only occasional use at my house.
Purchased this for a new 21 year old.
It comes in handy for her favorite drinks within reason.
Seems durable and the recipes are pretty good.
Now I just have to stock up my bar!.
I had never used a cookie press before and this was incredibly easy.
You essentially have to place it on, try to squeeze out a cookie and it either comes our or not.
You then have to swtich the plate over and it works.
Once you get the hang of it though, super easy!My only other comment would be not to use pre-packaged dough.
They will come out in the shapes but when they bak they loose their shape.
I think it might be that the dough is not dry enough.
They are definitley cute but my candy canes looked more like mittens when they were done.
:)I would definiely reccomend this to even a novice baker.
I used this at Christmas time and it worked beautifully and the cookies were so......................good.
Grandchildren ate cookies all weekend and loved them.
The cookie pattern discs are made of aluminum and include a wide variety of shapes and styles.
Thankfully when the press is assembled and used it feels fairly sturdy in the hand.Using the press is very simple.
Once assembled and loaded you pull the trigger until the dough is compacted and starts to come out of the disk.
One pull of the trigger clicks the plunger forward the perfect amount to make one cookie.
I've run it through the machine a few times and it came out clean and without any issues.
They are fairly small and thin so you get lots of cookies from each batch.All in all.
a fun way to make tasty, perfect cookies.
it is very easy to use and clean.
need a little bit practice to get the right density of the dough.
It is quite sturdy, and a great improvement over the flimsy aluminum one our parents had.
We used it for a large batch of Christmas cookies and it worked very well and was easy to clean.
I had a Wilton cookie gun for over 30 years.
This year it broke after filling up one time.
I ordered the OXO Good Grip Cookie Press and not one cookie would come out.
I got this little Kuhn Rikon one and wow, I can't stop making cookies.
Have made so many that I had to give them away to my neighbors.
I like this cookie press much better than the metal one.
The hardware on it works very well and is easy to push the lever in and out.
Its easy to clean, especially because its transparent.
But it also helps if you take care of it properly.
worked fine for me when I used for Christmas cookies.
In fact wondered why I don't make cookies all year long?.
This product works great and cleans up easily.
Someone recommended this one from  Kuhn Rikon and then I ordered it out of a catalog for 1999 Xmas cookie  baking.
The trigger grip mechanism allows  one-handed operation so you have the other hand free to cut dough or finish  forming cookies.
I like the see-through body so I know exactly how much  material I have left.
All the parts are nicely finished and it's really  easy to clean.
There are lots of choices of dies and tips and I found the  star die exactly the right shape for Scandinavian Vannilie Kranser.
This is  so much better than others on the market!.
I am a long-time Mirro cookie press user.
The handle on my Mirro press finally broke so I thought I would upgrade.
The Mirro press is the best I've found in this regard, but the Kuhn-Rikon press is much easier to use.
My mom always makes these cookies at Christmas using an old crank-type press.
This one has the original shapes, but is so much faster.
I've only used it 3-6 times in 2 years, but would buy it again.
I don't like making cookies; the process is time-consuming if you do cut cookies or drop.
The Kuhn Rikon has a trigger mechanism that ticks off each cookie in record time.
This is vital to keep the cookie from coming up again after you pull the trigger over the sheet.
I have only used this a few times, but both times it made making cookies easier and it was also very easy to clean.
I didn't use chilled sheets, though I did not grease them - and I still didn't have any problems.
This is the only cookie press I've ever used, so I can't compare it to others, but I'm really happy with this one.
Shapes come out cleanly and it's really easy to use, I can't believe how fast I can fill a baking sheet with cookies.
The only downside is how tedious it is to clean, especially as you switch between different colored doughs for spritz cookies.
However, I guess it's worth it since the press works so well.
I've been looking for a new cookie press for several years.
This one was on my wish list and someone gifted me with it.
I've only used it once so far, but it's loads better than the old screw-type presses.
Each click delivers just the right amount of dough for a spritz cookie.
I've been using this for months, and like it very much.
I think the keys are to follow the exact directions.
I love the buttery cookie dough and then making different shaped cookies.
I forgot that mine was no longer working, and I needed to make my famous cheese straws for hor'doeuvres on the weekend.
I looked at all of the reviews and found mostly five star reviews for this Kuhn Rikon.
Explicit directions on how to use the cookie press were inside,and the cookie press is easy to use.
The cheese straw recipe I use can make the use of a cookie press difficult.
The dough can be heavy, and often I have to use a lot of pressure to,push the handle.
I found this cookie press very easy to use,, less pressure and perfect star lines.
The cheese straws were delicious, and devoured! Now on to holiday cookies!Highly Recommended.
prisrob 2003@yahoo.comKuhn Rikon Epicurean Garlic PressKuhn Rikon 4-Inch Nonstick Colori Paring Knife, Set of 3.
My husband purchased this cookie press for my daughter who is five and likes to bake with me.
This year she decided that she "MUST" give all of her good friends in Kindergarten a small package of cookies.
Those cookies, combined with the other cookies we make and give out, was putting a damper on my holiday spirit.
This is until I pulled out her cookie press (I don't have one but have borrowed electric cookie presses previously).
It was easy, fun and works like a charm.
The very best part, the press is not too difficult for a five year old to squeeze off perfect cookies.
It took me less than an hour to whip up a hundred sugar cookies.
We tried almost all of the disks and they all came out fine.
I have used another cookie press before and it was horrible.
This has really good instructions and gives you a little bit of troubleshooting if you are having issues.
It also has the best spritz cookie recipes that I have ever tasted.
I read the other reviews listed here and looked for the sharp metal that harmed one of the reviewer's son, but couldn't find anything.
maybe that was a defective press? All in all, I definitely recommend this one-- I would have paid more than $[money] for this great value.
Add 1/2 cup sugar and beat until fluffy.
Beat in 1 egg and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract (or vanilla extract).
Fill cookie press with each color or combine colors for rainbow effect.Form into desired shapes and decorate.
Bake at 350 degrees for 8 to 10 minutes.I use decorative sugar sprinkles for added sparkle.
They adhere best if put on dough right after forming a cookie sheetful of shapes.I use Silpat non stick sheets.
This cookie press is just what I was looking for.
Some of the discs are easier to use than othes, but it is fun and makes great cookies.
It is pretty easy to clean and to learn.
With the enclosed directions no one could go wrong with this.
It isn't much exertion, but after a while it can be  tiring.
I know I tried.I think everyone bought theirs when they first  saw them used in Olive Garden 5 years ago.
They serve their very fresh  salads with an option for freshly grated cheese on top.
One great way to  add more fat and calories to an otherwise healthy diet.
The unit is nice and sturdy -- I don't worry about the arm breaking while I'm grating, as it did on our previous grater.
It comes apart very easily for cleaning, and the handle can be used on either side for left- or right-handed cooks.
If you are comparing graters and thinking &quot;ech, plastic! I should get the metal Noro grater&quot; well, don't.
This grater works far better and is much more comfortable to use.
The Zyliss Rotary Cheese Grater works quite well with hard cheeses, such as Parmigiano Reggiano and Romano.
So I bought an all-stainless steel one from Italy.
After using it once, I returned it because it made too much noise! I exchanged it for the Zyliss Rotary Cheese Grater.
Many times I ask a family member or a guest to do the grating while I am finishing the pasta.
Very efficient, easy to useand no paranoia about adding some meat (your fingertips) to the cheese like with most other ones.Works perfectly for hard cheeses.
Nothing tastes better than freshly pressed garlic, better than the bottled, or (yech) powdered stuff.
This garlic press changed all that.It can't be any easier.
Simply place the garlic clove (might have to be trimmed, the holding well in not all that large) into the press, and squeeze.
The garlic and juice are extracted, and the skin stays in the press.
As I do more and more cooking from scratch, I appreciate the flavors of spices and herbs like garlic, cilantro, fresh basil, and others.
This press really works and it's not like you have to break the bank to get one.
And don't worry about the headaches of picking garlic from all the little squeeze holes.
I have been using this press for more than 2 month.
The handles are apparently too short for some people that more strength is required to press just a small clove of garlic.
WOW! I threw out the last of my remaining cheapies.
I never imagined such a difference was possible.
I know I will never again trust a different press.
Other presses I have owned did not work adequately unless the garlic was trimmed and peeled.
This one eats up unpeeled cloves and strains them perfectly every time.2.
This is a svelte lightweight that weighs a small fraction of other presses.
I expected it might not hold up at all.
It turns out it is made of a very strong aluminum alloy that one might imagine being used in aircraft.
It is quite thin, but it feels SO rigid I don't think I will ever have to replace it.3.
The included cleaning tool makes getting strands out of the holes a snap.
The tool is stored under the hinge out of the way, but is easy to get to when you need it.4.
In the end, what I get most out of it is the simple pleasure of using it.
Instead of crushing and squirting inconsistent pulp, the Zyliss passes garlic crisply and perfectly in one quick motion accompanied by a satisfying 'crunch'.
This press works so beautifully, it may actually inspire you think of garlic-laden dishes to prepare.
It doesn't have any coating on it, which I think is a good thing.
I'm not sure if you can still get the uncoated version? I've had this garlic press for years and it has held up well.
No need to peel the garlic first and there's very little wasted garlic.
It all goes through and comes out very fine and consistent.
I recently decided to upgrade and bought a Trudeau based on America's Test Kitchen review (usually am 100% satisfied with their recommendations).
However the Trudeau's handles were huge and it requires a lot of muscle.
The worst thing about the Trudeau is that there is a lot of garlic wasted that doesn't go through the holes.
Over my lifetime I have had three other garlic presses before this one.
None of them worked and I threw them all out.
I trust their recommendations, and I did need something else for my Christmas wish list.
After I was given it, though, I put it aside and didn't even open it until tonight.
Had I bought this in the first place rather than the other ones I threw away, I would have saved money.
Unlike other reviewers, I will review the actual product.
Don't give this amazing tool a bad review just because you were sent a different model.
What you're providing is actually a lie, when you think about it...I have used this for over three years, at least 5 times per week.
I have never put it in the dishwasher, and I've never had a problem cleaning it out.
I don't even use the plastic cleany-thing.It wastes very little garlic.
If you only own one garlic press, make it a Zyliss.
I own a couple of them and they work really well.
It's sturdy and well made, and the press hammer moves independently of the press.
This means that if you can fit the garlic in the basket, you can line up the hammer for a perfect fit.
Contrary to other reviews, I did not find that the basket was too small.
Normally I whack the garlic with a cleaver on a board and then give it a few half-hearted chops.
But for soups and chilis and garlic spread, I like pressed garlic better.
To clear the small holes, you use the companion blue plastic device.
It has a cluster of prongs to push out the garlic caught in the holes.
But I found I didn't have to use it much, because the teflon coating prevents sticking most of the time.
If you want a mild garlic flavor, don't press it, but cook the garlic whole, boil it in milk, or roast it.
Roasting carmellizes the natural sugars and makes garlic especially mild.
But if you want to uh, kick up a notch or two of garlicky goodness, use the press.
It works perfectly, and it will even crush garlic in the skin! Nothing can touch it.
I never wanted or felt I needed a garlic press before.
It's so easy to just squash, peel and chop or mince a clover or two.
But the Susi is marvelously simple - you dont even have to try to peel the garlic.
Just pop it in and presto, chango, crushed/minced garlic.
Just wipe it off into the pan (or whatever) and keep going.
I dont understand these complaints with the plastic cleaner.
As you take out the leftover peel, the rest of the garlic comes out too!.
If you're looking at this item, get it.
It's clove to minced in as long as it takes for you to squeeze the handle.
This press is the best I have used.
It's easy to use and clean, but the best is that the garlic cloves do not have to be peeled before pressing.
This is especially good when using small cloves.
I have probably used 9 different garlic presses in my lifetime.
VERY happy with this!!!! I wish I was a sales rep for this company.
No, it's not cheap, but it's the best garlic press out there.
The little blue cleaner works well if you properly line it up, but as others have said, it's not really necessary.
I haven't had it long, but have put it in the dishwasher with no problems.
It is in our main living room so hard to get away from sound.
However, that Essick is not on the Amazon web site, to my surprise.
I wanted to rate it 3.5 stars, but Amazon doesn't allow that.
It could have been a 5 star product though but for two things: (1) as other reviewers have mentioned, it's a VERY noisy machine.
(2) The other reason it's not a 5 star rating is the shape of the water bottles.
Our much older humidifier (which was a Bemis) had squared corners, and you could put either bottle into either slot.
This 696-400 one has the angled corner so you have a left bottle and a right bottle.
So, I bought the newest humidifier, the 5 speed Essick and put it at the opposite end of the house.
NOW, FINALLY, we can experience proper humidity in the wintertime.
I am 70, over the years I have got probable about 10 humidifiers.
This is the best I have ever had.
Easy to fill, easy to clean and build very good.
after shopping at the big box stores we went to amazon, where we usually buy from after doing some research! so happy with our purchase.
I'm putting it on my ceiling In my bathroom, a few imperfections are ok with me.
It is noisy, but sometimes the noise is a good thing!!  I love it!!.
I got this fan and saved a boat load compared to what Home Depot sells them for.
It's OK to skimp, but don't skimp on a good vent fan!.
This is a great product, if I had more than one shower in the apt I would buy another for the other shower.
I bought it in white, and it's the perfect color to match our bathtub/shower, you barely even see it in there.
Because there's three chambers, you can even have a couple disagreement about products (my husband uses different shampoo from me).
Max I put up there is a white bar of soap.In all, we love this dispenser!.
This seems to be a quality unit with few, if any, flaws.
Installation is easy and it works very well.
Be sure to use all the silicon glue they provide when gluing it.
I'll update this review should anything change over time.
mounted in shower, used it to replace one that was really old and a different make.
sometimes the nozzles clog with product if not used regularly it drys out.
The dispenser looks good, holds a decent volume of shampoo, conditioner etc.
It is simple to refill the bottles, and so far there is no leakage.
The mounting was easy, glued onto the tiles with silicone glue (included).
If it broke or we decided to replace it, we would probably struggle quite a bit to get it off the tiles.
The little hooks will hold disposable razors but not the ones with larger heads.
And just recently I finally decided to spend money on it for our house.
First, after reading the reviews and before gluing it to the wall I tested it with water just in case.
No problems! And now I have this good-looking, space-saving, shampoo/conditioner/etc saving item in my bathroom.
I am really grateful to the creators of this simple but so brilliant organizing tool.
(For some reason I feel morally obligated to make the ends point down.
It hurts me not to be able to do so.)Brb, looking for something to put at the bottom of the dishwasher silverware slots.
Henckels Premier Series Opus 45-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware Set,.
They look great with any place setting on your table.
I'm a big fan of silverware with some heft to it - and these do the trick.
No issues running them through the dishwasher and no issues after 2 weeks of ownership.
These look great and are very very sturdy.
Pieces are well made, weight is good, they are not flimsy and cheap looking or feeling.I do not put these in the dishwasher.
Hand wash is sufficient, and I want to preserve the natural shine and luster on this set.
These pieces look good for a casual dinner or for a fancier occasion.
I searched for a set of flatware that was stylish and somewhat classic.
I found this style awhile back and I have been very pleased.
The only design flaw that I have noticed and a small issue is the fact the ends of the spoons and forks are very narrow.
When you place the flatware in the dishwasher with the silver upwards the flatware ends slips through the small dishwasher basket holes.
Obvious solution is to face them downwards and problem solved.
Just a quirky comment I thought might be relevant to others.
I feel fine using it every day, as well as for holiday meals.
I love the fact that the knives actually cut well and not like useless butter knives.
I am ordering another set so I have 16 pieces and giving away my old one.
I already put them in the dishwasher and they came out beautiful and shiny.
I also highly recommend their steak knives, very sharp and look good, all stainless steel.
We find them very comfortable and the weight is exactly what I'd expect from a slim design.
You can tell they're quality 18/10 stainless.I haven't any problems with the knives in the dishwasher, as another reviewer did.
Mine come out of the dishwasher looking great.
There is a warranty, though, if you do experience problems.
Bought a set to try, and then ordered more.
Heavy, tough, simple and elegant all at the same time.
I was looking for a quality flatware set for my daughter and was amazed ah how difficult of a task it was.
I went to Macy's and looked at their entire flatware section - one pattern at a time.
This design was the sturdiest of them all.
I also liked the sleek minimalistic 'art deco' style - timeless and modern at the same time.
I hope that the quality will match the sturdiness and style.
I am very happy with the quality of this set of flatware.
They feel great to hold, have smooth elegant style and just feel down right great.
I have owned this set for three and a half years now and don't have any problems with rust on any of my pieces.
Given that I purchased my set in late 2003, I am wondering whether sets manufactured later were made with lesser quality.
I have had this set for about 9 months.
Like many of the other reviews, I love this flatware for the look, the heft, the feel, and its flexible unfussy style.
While the style is modern, I own Mikasa Italian Countryside dishes, which is more traditional, but I think that the two pieces look great together.
But, I can live with it because I found as long as the knives are hand washed, the rust does not reappear.
I don't mind hand-washing, and I have other knives I use for steak knives anyways.
I've let them soak in water for hours and again, no rusting.
So far, so good!  I  originally rated this as 4 stars, but now, I would bump it up to 5!.
We have 3 other fairly expensive sets ($200 + per set), but I like this one equally.
I love the design of these and they are built as solid as you'd expect from J.A.
My only beef with them is that these things *love* fingerprints.
I can barely put them away after washing them without getting fingerprints on them.
Perfect weighting, sharp knives, and a nice server set.
You will want to eat with these everyday.
I spent all day in the kitchen preparing for a dinner party and what do I get the most compliments on? My flatware.
Our friends have gone crazy over the look and especially the feel of this great stuff.
We have had no problems with the knives.
I bought this set 3 months ago and I'm very happy with it.
The handles are thick and the cutlery does not bend.
Now, if it could only peel  eggs too!!.
All the others I have used have broken in use.
I had one like this once but made the mistake of putting in the dishwasher.
It turned a nasty ugly color like molten lead.
Been looking for this for quite a while.
I only used this several times for mushrooms and eggs and just loved it.
Then my husband took out his aggression on it, putting a hard clove of garlic in it.
I'm buying another and he will get clear instructions on its usage.
It slices eggs and mushrooms, maybe the eggs a little better.
My wife put it in the dishwasher and it removed the finish.
I am only using this as a egg slicer but it works great.
Good value, its only a egg slicer not a major appliance it does exactly what is should do.
Good value and does the job so I highly recommend it.
You are going to be amazed at this slicer when you try it out.
It is extremely sturdy compared to the plastic ones that we have.
It is entirely stainless steel, and you can clean this up quite easily.
I have tried this wish mushrooms, eggs, and strawberries.
If you are looking for a good slicer this is the one you need.
This is great & I love how I can cut the eggs into different shapes!.
i used this as soon as it came in.
taking care of the eggs came easy and quick.
slicing and wedging is easy and the clean up is even easier.
It replaced a 50 plus year old egg slicer.
It works great on eggs and is easy to wash as well.
I like pulling out the egg and flipping to slice it cross ways, which works very well for salads.
It's pretty much exclusive to eggs, but it does everything and really efficiently.
I still have no idea how people do that).Just don't do what I did, and go &#34;ooh, what's this do?.
The slicing wires got all bent up, so did the part that held the egg, so it was terrible to work.
This design looks like it will hold up real well.
Plus I got four items for the price of one.
I had an egg slicer a long time ago but my kids were playing with it and bent the wires.
So, I was searching on Amazon and found this one.
I opened it up and it had zero instructions.
So, I was twisting the little knob at the bottom-front back and forth from X to O and not sure what it did.
Stabbing myself in the finger was NOT the way to find out.
The appliance is bigger than the traditional egg slicer so if you have the room for storage, I highly recommend it.
Also, it is easy to clean and came out like brand new from the top rack of the dishwasher.
The slicer works well and I like the additional options.
I use it to slice mushrooms as well.
Seems to be fairly well built for this type of product.
This tool can also be used to make SIX egg wedges rather than the four we get when we do it ourselves with a knife.
It also has a piercer cleverly and safely placed in the front.
Simply turn to right or left for pierce to show.
It looks to be a very sturdy tool with many uses.1-25-12:  I used it over the weekend.
And every bit as good as my "expensive" egg slicer.
I was looking for an egg slicer and got a bonus with this handy little gadget.
Very satisfied, great for egg wedges and slices.
Careful of the little round pin hole maker.
I didn't know what it was and pressed in.
I bought these for both of my kids which are both married with kids.
Found out the kids, my Grandkids are using them more than their parents.
I have gone through many slicers over the years so I waited a year before posting this review.
It is very strong and does a great job.
I also use it to slice mushrooms! ; - }.
I have always used an egg slicer but after years of usage, it finally broke.
So, I ordered this one using Amazon Prime giving me free shipping.
However don't buy it if your main goal is to easily slice mushrooms.
It has an egg punch in the middle which will stick a small hole in the egg.
Everyone in my house wondered what it was and pressed it and got a finger stick.
This egg slicer, wedger is great!  It makes even slices and wedges quickly and easily with no mess or fuss.
I would recommend this kitchen tool to anyone.
I like the design of this egg slicer.
It is roomy enough the actually slice the egg without mushing it up first.
I like the Egg Slicer Wedger Piercer because it is convenient and fast to use.
I ordered this to replace one that my sister broke.
This is easy to use and cleans up easily by hand or in the dishwasher.
The piercer is neat, and though I don't know what it's actually meant to be used for, I plan to use it for crafts.
Easy to put together and appears to be sturdy.
Two shelves were nicked during shipping and a call to the manufacturer led to a no-hassle replacement that arrived in about one week.
Her old audio stand did not provide full ventilation for her components, she needed four, not her existent three shelves.
Her stand was a bit wobbly, and quite ugly.
She also wanted a stand to match her Sanus TV stand.
I bought it for her and assembled it for her.
She repaid my online purchase costs.WHY THIS AUDIO STAND MET THE DESIGN REQUIREMENTS IN THIS CASE1) Ventilation.
Ideally, the stand would be open on all sides, an open architecture.2) Sufficient shelving.
The stand must be wide, deep, and high enough to accommodate all the components.
Shelf adjustability was not a requirement, but it would have been a plus, as this stand has fixed shelving.4) Strength.
The stand had to be strong enough to comfortably support a heavy amplifier; the other components being of light to moderate weight.5) Correct Height.
The stand must be sturdy and not wobble.
This is particularly important when her turntable is operating, especially if the stand is touched during operation.7)  Cable Management.
For aesthetic reasons, the design should hide cabling, wires, and power cords as much as possible.8) Appearance.
In the listening room chosen, the stand must be decor-friendly, be attractive in its own right, and match her TV stand.9) Cost.
It checked all the boxes needed on the Design Requirements listed above.
But I decided to check Amazon for a better price.
I went for it on Amazon and saved.ASSEMBLING THE SANUS AUDIO STANDThe Sanus Audio Stand quickly arrived undamaged.
The shipping carton was easy to open and well cushioned.
Everything was efficiently laid out as if for a photo shoot.
In plain view were the parts bag and posts.
Each of the four shelves were separated via foam sheets.
The melamine shelves were perfectly finished and without blemish, as were the support posts.
It appears that Sanus is proud of what they do and wants you to be pleased with their products.
There can be no higher praise than that.The process took under a half hour without rushing.
The end result was a stable, non-wobbly stand.
Then, sitting back on the sofa looking at it, the audio stand appeared quite handsome to my eye.
I am a satisfied shopper, and the lady it was bought for is quite content.
Very good product indeed.I hope this was helpful to you.
Please use the Comment section below and I will be glad to answer your questions._________________________________________MY BLOG: thegoodstuffreviews.blogspot.com AND thegoodstuffaudioreviews.blogspot.com.
Just finishing setting up our media room and had all our components on a long coffee table.
Searched Amazon, found the Sanus, ordered after reading reviews.
The unit is pretty tall and just fit under my wall mounted LG TV.
It was a breeze to put together, it's expandable, and it looks amazing in my office.
The extra height between shelves allows all your components to breathe, which especially important with large receivers/amps.
Each shelf has a cable management holes in it, except for the very top one.Overall this is a great product.
This stand was easy to assemble and seems quite sturdy & looks good in my living room.
I am using it to store boxes of CD's, but I may order a second unit to replace my old stereo rack stand.
One drawback is that the top shelf has no hole to pass cords through, which would facilitate putting an amplifier or tuner on top.
The comparatively long handle affords the mill excellent leverage, resulting in a smooth and easy grinding action.
The quality of the plastic is excellent, not a rough edge anywhere.
This is not the only peppermill I own, but it is the only one I'll use.
All previous mills suffered from similar problems which Oxo has solved.In Maryland, humidity is always a problem for peppermills.
I've read that other people have trouble getting a fine grind.
You cannot just crank down on the adjustment nut to get a fine grind.
Your have to turn the crank counter clockwise as you tighten the adjuster.
The easy grip handle eliminates all the wasted motion associated with tradional mill.
I make my own barbeque rub and always hated grinding enough pepper for the recipe.
Most mills only grind correctly in one direction.
So, you twist the knob, release it reposition your grip and twist again.
Now, thanks to the easy grip handle I can crank out tablespoons of pepper in seconds.
If you need more status from your peppermill get a solid walnut mill or a brushed aluminum mill from another manufacturer.
Just don't expect it to out perform this classic.
I've wasted a lot of money on a lot of other ones.
It grinds fast, it turns easily, and loads easily.
The best part is that it's cheap at the price.
I've been searching for a pepper mill that didn't cost a fortune and actually ground the peppercorns without getting clogged up.
But when the quality IS controlled - it's the best I've ever used!.
I love fresh, ground pepper and lots of it.
I have had many pepper mills and never been satisfied.
Either not enough pepper comes out or the pieces end up being too large and not uniform.
I read the reviews and liked that I heard and so far, I am not disappointed.
There is plenty of pepper with each twist and the handy top ensures your cabinet or counter doesn't stay a perpetual mess.
Finally, I can dispense adequate pepper when cooking and eating.
i been using this for 3 month now.
it grinds the pepper well, very little effort, seems very sturdy :)dont know what else to say:).
Grinds a substantial quantity of pepper quite quickly, and is really comfortable to use.
I like it so much, I'm buying another to use on coarse sea salt!.
Some time ago I was having a tendonitis flare-up.
At the time we had a little crystal-clear pepper mill that was fairly stiff when you used it to grind pepper.
This was merely annoying when we wanted to grind lots of pepper for a recipe; it was sheer agony when my tendonitis started acting up.
You set a wheel on the bottom in order to adjust the grind from coarse to fine.
Now, if you want finely-ground pepper, you have to keep dialing the wheel back to the fine side after every few grinds.
It seems to work its way back to coarse without help from anyone else.
Luckily for us, we don't mind coarsely-ground pepper, so this doesn't bother us too much.
If you like your pepper fine, however, you might find this annoying.
After waiting weeks for Amazon to stock this guy, I finally ordered it from oxo.com.
In other words, it grinds fairly evenly, and it can make pepper dust or pepper sand, and everything in between.
It is true, the coarseness adjustment feels light and easy to dislodge.
The grinder's overall shape is a kind of squat, slightly bulging cone, with a flare at the bottom.
The black rubber handle should be shaped in an hourglass or pinched shape, not bulging outwards.The crank itself is an advantage.
It is longer than cranks on other pepper grinders, if they even have them.
As previous reviewers stated, it would be good for the arthritic, elderly, or impatient, since you can really crank out the pepper if you want.
(The action is not "smooth" however, as other reviewers have stated.
When closed, the door merges smoothly with the body.
But opening the door requires hooking the tip of your finger on a little bulging lip.
It doesn't require a fingernail, but it won't take a full finger.
A few licks with ultra-fine sandpaper cured that problem.
I bought this pepper grinder because I love Oxo products, and I also have carpel tunnel and arthritis in my hands.
I don't really care for pepper, but when I buy it I buy a combination of coarse pepper and sea salt.
I love the little window that you open to fill it, as well as being able to see how much is in there.
I have mine set on fine grind, but it is adjustable.
I think you could use it for any spice you want to grind, not just pepper.
It is fun and easy to use and looks nice sitting on my stove.
We had two cheap department store pepper mills that were driving me crazy.
The pepper shakers can't take a coarse grind so I offer my guests the pepper mill if that's what they prefer.
If you are having company for a small amount of money they are a great addition.
I have given them as gifts, too and are well appreciated.(show up at your Thanksgiving house as a guest with them all filled.
I recently ordered this set and am very pleased with it.
What sold me on this brand is that the tops are stainless steel.
Had company the other day and used them for the first time.
My company was quite impressed to have their own salt and pepper set.
I had 25 people at my house for Thanksgiving and these really came in handy.
This is a great product! They look and feel high quality.
A must for anyone who has dinner parties or large holiday gatherings.
I would recommend putting rice in the salt shakers to prevent the salt from clumping with humidity.
So, Grandmother, wise as she is, has a set of these.
We all appreciate having salt and pepper within reach.
For a table of 12 guests, everyone can have their own.
These are glass with stainless steel tops and they are just adorable!~The Rebecca Review.
I wish there were more parts to it esp for the price but I am happy with as they get a kick out of it.
We received 5 gear magnets, one of which makes a terrible clicking noise ON PURPOSE.
This was a big hit at my house at Xmas, between the 14 month old and 7 year old.
My 3-year-old likes arranging and rearranging the gears into different configurations and seeing how they spin.
Makes it a little less &#34;independent&#34; of a toy.
My 20 month old was enthrawled by this when we placed it on the fridge.
It is definitely a good attention grabber as one part makes noise and one has a swinging part that is fun to watch.
The gears use magnets to stick to metal, and you arrange them to mesh indifferent was.
One large gear houses a motor which drives the gears when meshed well.
The power switch has three settings: forward, off, and backward.It is way too much fun to waste on children.
None of the fallen gears has yet to break, including the motorized one.
It's a pretty simple toy, and it's not much of a toy for imaginative play, but our boys enjoy playing with it.
I purchased this set of gears for my 3 yr old grandson, & he loves them!  Obsessed might be a better way to put it.
He has had hours of fun playing with them, & reconfiguring them.
My boys had these when they were younger, and they were a huge hit.
So when my friend just had her baby girl, I bought these for the sibling, a young boy who just became the big brother.
They are also nicely made and not that thin plastic junk that so many toys are made out of.
I got this and put it on my refrigerator for my grandkids to play with.
The oldest is 6 1/2 and the youngest to play with it are 2 1/2.
They seem to be drawn to it and have been having fun.
My only complaint is that it is pretty noisy.
Wish it turned off when it hasn't been touched for a few minutes.
Guess we just need to work harder at getting them to turn it off before walking away!.
My son's class was able to bring in magnets to decorate their lockers at school.
I found this on Amazon and thought I would buy it.
All the kids loved this in his class (3rd grade).
It is now on my refrigerator and my kids although now older still every so often stop to work the gears on it.
I think the bright colors and designs are enough to amuse him for now.
I think in retrospect, I would have paid $10 more and got this set:Lakeshore Learning Materials Magnetic Spinning.
The ability to arrange in any pattern definitely stimulates his creativity! Planning to buy more soon to supplement this set!.
This entertains the grand kids who aren't at the moment  &#34;helping&#34; grandma cook or clean.
(And it is also fun for grandma when the kids are not there.).
I keep it set up on my refrigerator at his height.
He plays with it while I'm preparing his lunch or cleaning up.
I had an old Hoover canister vac and was ready for a new one.
Plus Hoovers are easy to take apart and I can fix just about anything on it!.
I purchased my first WindTunnel Canister Vacuum 4 years ago.
I liked it so much I purchased a new one recently when my old one was handed down to my daughter who was moving out.
This new WindTunnel Canister is improved over my last one (which I liked very much).
It's got great suction and I look forward to using it for many years to come.
It's still up and running, but I figured at a good price I'd go ahead and replace it.
I loved the old one, which was a Hoover Futura, and I love this one even more so far.
It has a lot of power and I can easily move from one floor surface to another.
It even has a switch that you can use to turn of the motorized brushes as you move between carpeted areas.
I also especially like the small powered brush that you can use for stairs.
It is just the right size to get dirt and fur from corners.
The attachments make it perfect for vacuuming the car and it is easy to move around with two metal "wands" that can be detached.
I do have a very furry dog so I use my vacuum very frequently.
My last vacuum held up wonderfully and I didn't hesitate to buy another Hoover.
The Hoover S3639 is effective, solidly constructed, well designed, easy to use and reasonably priced.
Prior experience with more expensive Eureka, Electrolux and Bissell was unsatisfactory.
We have extensive tile floors, area rugs and some wall to wall carpeting.
"Carpet" setting activates powered floor nozzzle - Grade "A".
"Floor" setting  relies on canister suction only - Grade "B", however consider using "Carpet" for better "floor" results.
I had a hoover upright, and could never get under the bed easily.This WindTunnel really, really, just brushes away dust no matter how think.
I do like using these allergen filter bags in my Hoover canister.
Hoover Type S Allergen Filter Bag, 4010100SFilters work fine.
If that's the specific picture you are looking for, this is the correct bag.
Unfortunately, the picture on the product page did not indicate this so I just took a chance and jumped into the pool.
Fortunately, it was what I wanted.Second - there are 3 bags in each package.
I looked everywhere on the product page and it NEVER told me how many bags I would be getting.
I give up.*****EDIT*****January 22, 2013  I bought these bags again for the umpteenth time and received them today.
Now there is a tab stuck onto the cardboard intake mounting which unfolds -- probably to help remove the full bag from the vacuum.
I don't see much reason for this new addition but somebody evidently thought it was a good idea.
Also, the area around where the debris enters the bag has been reinforced and the center hole has already been punched.
Now made in China instead of the USA.
The cookies require being rolled in balls then rolled in sugar before baking and it's messy.
I tried the scoop and it releases quite well, keeping my hands far cleaner in the task.
It is the sturdiest scoop I have come across so far.
It works well, it's a tad creaky sounding even straight out of the package, like it needs to be oiled.
It doesn't feel quite as good in my hand as my OXO scoop.
BUT, it feels sturdy, and dishes things out well enough, could stand to have a slightly more powerful spring.
Professional quality product helps us produce professional quality baked goods.
We bake for fun and this makes our time in the kitchen enjoyable!.
Just ordered my second (my first didn't go out I just wanted to have two!).
One scoop per cupcake or waffle, two scoops per mini loaf.
Very well made and sturdy but doesn't take a hard grip to squeeze.
Sometimes I make up reasons to use them, like when making tortillas.
When I first got my .5 Tbsp I thought it was too small and i wouldn't use it.
I like small bite size cookies v/s the big cookies the kids like.
I sip my hot coffee and follow with a yummy chocolate chipl.
It works perfectly and is easy to handle.Cleans nicely.
I would recommend this to my best friend any day.
Finally, an ice cream scoop that gets the ice cream out of its container AND then out of the scoop into the dish.
Sounds like a no-brainer, right? Should be -- but this is the first scoop design I've ever used that managed both with equal ease.
In addition, it's a God-send for baking cookies.
I operate a virtual cookie factory every Christmas and have tried many techniques to speed the dough-to-baking pan transfer.
Last year, I saw this scoop and its smaller (2 teaspoon) sibling at a kitchen supply place and purchased both.
A must if you scoop melons and it's also good for cookie dough.
The stainless steel is a must for a busy baker.
My fault that I didn't order a little bit larger size..but it is still a great scooper for small items.
I bought this specifically to use for making cupcakes and it works perfectly.
The handle is very easy to squeeze, which is important to me as I have a touch of arthritis in my hands.
The scoop looks really nice, feels well made and sturdy without being to heavy, and fills a muffin or cupcake tin just right.
Much sturdier than the picture makes it look.
It helps the recipes when you have precise measurements and this piece provides it now & likely for years to come.
I didn't think I needed another sized scoop, but boy was I wrong.
This is the perfect size for small cookies that you can have a few and not feel horribly guilty.
We have the TBS before and this is a good compliment.
I've used this for truffles, cookies, anytime I need a consistant amount of batter or dough.
But works great for cake mix to put into cupcakes, cookie dough, meat balls ect.
This scoop works very well for smaller cookies.
Love this scoop!  It really saves time, and my family and guests appreciate the "not so wimpy sized" cookies.
One is always enough because it is the size of two or three standard size cookies.
I adjust the baking time, and always satisfied with great cookies.
I bought one of these with a set a couple of years ago and the release mechanism finally bent.
I've made a lot of heavy batter cookies along the way.
In a pinch I thought I would just buy an OXO at the local Target.
I didn't even make one scoop before the gear meshing slipped out.
I repaired that and made three cookie scoops before it broke for the last time.I hadn't thought that there was such a difference in quality.
they are well made and worth a dollar or 2 difference.
this is actually a replacement for thinking I could save a $ on a cheaper brand.
This is much better made than what I could find locally.
I have only used it 3 times but it looks like it will hold up.
Great for scooping nicely-shaped cookies or ice cream.
I wish the handles were a bit more ergonomic like my other sized ones, though.
These are great quality scoops and have now purchased in multiple sizes! Great for cookie, melon and ice cream scooping! Highly reccommend this brand!!.
Just what I needed!  Thought it would be too small, but it's perfectly sized for my mini bite needs.
I got this scoop to assist with scooping  homemade Greek soy yogurt out of the pot and into containers.
I do this at least once or twice a week and make a few pounds of yogurt each time.
I didn't have high hopes that this would be the solution, since Greek yogurt is not very much like frozen ice cream.
But it works beautifully! The scoop is very well made and the yogurt is easily scraped off with one squeeze of the handles.
I make candies and this is just the perfect size to create uniform size portions for rolling and dipping in chocolate.
And it is also a great size to make perfect little bite sized cookies!!.
They appear to be nicely made and seem to be of sufficient sturdiness that they will last a long time.
My only complaint is that Norpro doesn't offer them in more sizes, although these five sizes should have most uses covered.
A little too big for my monster cookies but its so easy to use, I just don't fill it.
It feels light and flimsy but works good.
Was a little hesitant to purchase this, but it is well worth the investment.
This is perfect for making small scoops for truffles or little dough balls for cookies.
They design and quality of the weight leads me to believe it will last a long time.
I use this to scoop 1/4 quantities of cupcake batter.
I have a few different sizes of these scoops and find this size makes the perfect size cookie.
It's a nice quality and I just love the squeeze handle.
I just got my Norpro stainless steel scoop a few days ago and I am so glad that I bought it.
It is nice and heavy and very well made.
I used it to make cupcakes for work, and they turned out perfectly.
I am now going to order one in the smaller size to use for cake pops.
The clearing action makes it more fun to use when dealing with batter or cookie dough.
I would definitely buy again and not look elsewhere.
I like little things, specifically little sweet things.
Like four small warm chocolate chip cookies on a fancy little plate after a bad day.
Oh, Ghawd: yes.This scoop is very solidly made and straightforward.
Serve up the goodness, turn off the heat and open the oven door to reuse whatever heat remains.
Feels high quality and like it will last for a long time.
Measuring 1 teaspoon of water, pouring into the scoop, it fills it.
This is a larger gap than my other 3 larger scoops of the same type.
The 56MM Norpro Stainless Steel Scoop appeared to be well made; it seemed sturdy and the spring mechanism operated smoothly.
I also put it in the dishwasher on the energy-saver cycle and had no problems with the scoop's integrity.
The sliding band "sprung" and instead of remaining in the scoop arched like a rainbow over it.
All attempts to return the band to its original position failed.
The ice cream was firm, but was not so hard that the scoop should have broken.
It is for this reason that I have rated the 56MM Norpro Stainless Steel Scoop as deserving four stars.
I did like it well enough that I will be purchasing another one.
Nice well built scoop, but like others have said, this is NOT a 2 TBS.
I measured it and it will hold exactly 3 TBS.
I wanted a scoop that was about 3 TBS., but couldn't find one.
So, listening to what the other comments were, I ordered one anyway and got EXACTLY what I wanted.
Yes, you would think that Norpro would not miss a detail like this.
Anyway, I give the scoop five stars for quality and subtract one for inaccuracy.
Bottom line: If you do NOT want a quality 3 TBS.
This is the perfect size scoop for the little meatballs I make for Italian Wedding Soup.
I have been looking for this for a long time and finally thought to check Amazon.com.
This kitchen tool works well for smaller sized cookies and any thing else you need to measure into a like-sized portion.
I bought this for waffle cones but it must be more than 2 tablespoons as another reviewer reports.
it doesn't end up being too much :).
I have used it, a lot, for almost all kind of truffles (even cookies truffles).
Much better the plastic kind that break so easily.
This is a very small scoop, but it is the perfect size for bite-sized cookies!  I use these for lemon cookies and gingersnaps.
I love how every cookie turns out the same size.
Also, the scoop seems very durable - stands up to a rather stiff dough and I have used it many times with no problems.
This works very well for me and is very comfortable to use (much more than I would have expected).
One level scoop makes a cupcake that's even with a cupcake liner and a slightly rounded scoop makes a slightly rounded cupcake.
My oxo small cookie scoop broke after less than a year.
it is MUCH better made than thhe oxo one was.
Held up to making several hundred cookies right after it arrived.
I love this scoop as it is perfect for uniform larger-size cookies, meatballs or ice cream.
It's easy to wash and is dishwasher safe.
This stainless scoop is exactly what I was looking for to make filling muffin cups easier, cleaner and more accurate.
It works beautifully as an ice cream/gelato/sherbet scoop and also as a large cookie scoop for all kinds of cookie doughs including macaroons.
My Norpro cookie size scoop has been used heavily for about 3 years and I expect this one to be just as sturdy.
So far, the size, quality, ergonomics, function and cleaning are all 5 stars.Cleaning:The stainless scoop cleans easily in the bottom utensil rack of the dishwasher.
Just place it handle-side down and you'll have a nice, clean scoop.
The 'scraper' does a great job of easily liberating dough from the scooper bowl.
The length of the handle is just right, the width of the 'arms' on the scoop are just right.
Norpro makes a scoop that lasts.Size:The size works for me.
I find it to be the most accurate method of portioning.
The scoop provides a uniform portion every time.In short, this is a great scoop for occasional or heavy use and you can't beat the price!.
This scoop has been such a  big help in the kitchen.
I wish I had found this scoop years ago.
I purchased this item because it was all metal components and I wanted it to last.
I've used this scoop on numerous occasions, for a variety of jobs, and it works great.
I have also purchased a larger, but identically designed, scoop for larger jobs.
The handle on this fits well in my hand and feels sturdy and strong.
Why I didn't purchase one of these sooner I will never know.
It makes cookie preparation SO easy and all of your cookies will be uniform in size.
This is very important for those of us that like things even.
It is perfect for scooping large cookies, scooping muffin batter, pancake batter, and even meatballs.
I can not believe I cooked and baked for years without one of these.
Most likely because my mother did not have one and I did not know how handy they are.
I used to have one of those specialty avocado angled scoop/spatula like thing, but this is so much more convenient.
(Unfortunately not the first time, he never listens!) Which I promptly processed, scooped, froze, and packed in freezer bags.
I just take out a ball or two from freezer when I start prepping so it is defrosted by the time I need it.
Have also done this for pesto when basil harvest is abundant.
Again, I know that refridgerated oil can equal salmonella.
I think that minor thing is definitely worth dealing with for something so handy in the kitchen.
I like the construction of the scoop and the fact that it's easy to clean is a bonus.
I used it for the first time to make monster cookies and the portion is perfect.
I bought the scoop one size larger about a year ago.
It has done a great job for cookies but is too large for ravioli.
After using it for the past year, I decided to buy this smaller one.
Because I have found this maker does make a good quality sturdy scoop.
And I have found this one to be of the same quality.
I have not had any problems with either scoop.
Easy to get the cookie dough out and easy to clean.
If I'm using it on a sticky dough, I just spritz it with oil.
It took me many years to get around to buying an ice cream scoop.
My family doesn't indulge in ice cream very often so I never felt the purchase of a scoop would be justified.
I purchased both this scoop and the 3 tablespoon scoop two years ago and they are both still working and looking great.
I use them every week and run them through my dishwasher.
There is no rust, they are not sticking, they release food well, and I find this product to be very reliable.
In the future if I need an additional size, I will purchase another by Norpro.
I have other Norpro products and find them to be good quality and moderately priced.
This tiny scoop is great! I couldn't find one this tiny in any stores so I purchase this one online.
It's super sturdy and is great for making little cookies and forming truffle centers.
A must have for every great cooks kitchen!.
this was exactly what I have been looking for.
Its the perfest size for making little balls! Have used it as few times already!.
Perfect for filling muffin tins with batter and for making nice size meatballs.
I have several Norpro scoops and agree they are wonderful.
But why can't they have a standard measurement?? The others I have are measured in mm (35 and 50, specifically).
Per a suggestion I saw on TV, I was determined to find a 2oz mechanical scoop for baking cupcakes.
I would recommend this wonderful scoop to anyone and I will be buying various sizes in the future.
I guess the one I had before was a 2-teaspoon scoop.
No matter, because I really like this little guy.
This scoop is great for dishing out very small cookie dough portions for making bite-sized cookies.
I don't believe it can be used for ice cream.
The reason I say this is that is how I broke my previous scoop.
ETA: Regarding the review above claiming a "horribly" "flawed design": There is no design flaw, only an unrealistic expectation.
No one should ever use any sweeper scoop to dish HARD ice cream, They're not engineered for that.
I used it for making chocolate chip cookies (mini morsels) and found the batter did not come out easily.
Other cookie scoops the batter falls right out.
Maybe it is not meant for a thick batter like chocolate chip but will be using for my Florentine cookies this holiday.
Solid build, the spring is heavy duty and the gear in the handle is solid.I honestly can't say anything more.
I have searched and searched for a small scoop to make my homemade meatballs for wedding soup.
This is the winner!!!!  I cut my hand rolling time in half.
All the Norpro scoops I've purchased are good quality and well worth the cost.
I use this one and the one that's just a little smaller always for my cookies to keep them uniform in size.
I do not use this size as much as I use the smaller one (1 Tablespoon), but still a necessity.
I love these scoops for filling cupcake pans or making my cookies all a uniform size.
This is a high quality cookie scoop that I use for home-made cookies and crackers.
It gives me an ideal one-tablespoon scoop.The mechanism works smoothly, and it is easy to clean.
Recieved the cookie scoop , and it was just what I needed.
So much better than the small one that broke.
If it were on the other side, I don't think it would be as susceptible to that problem.
I ordered this 3 TBLSP scoop and it arrived promptly.
It is well made and sturdy and works well for making cookies, muffins and drop biscuits.
However, I noticed that inside the handle was a stamp saying it was made by INEX.
I called the Norpro company and they told me this product was indeed made in China for Norpro.
So I trust it is made to Norpro's high standards.
I bought this to cojplete a set of these scoops.
Very good quality and does a really good job without sticking or mess.
well built, works great!Mainly bought it for scooping cookies from the dough to put in the oven and achieve the perfect size cookie.
I think it truly is the perfect size for cookiesI might end up making meatballs with it because the size is small enough.
I believe I now have a full set of all sizes.
I never realized how easy these could make cooking and baking.
I wish I had purchased this years ago rather than using regular spoons to dish out cookies.
Cookies are all the same size and relatively uniform shape when using this.
Have always wanted one of this since I'm a kid.
I bake a lot and this definitely makes scooping the batter into the cupcake pan a lot lot easier! =).
My family's favorite cookie is Laura Bush's Texas Governor's Mansion Cowboy Cookies (which won over Tipper Gore's Ginger Snaps).
This scoop is exactly the right size for uniform cookies every time.
Everyone I know requests these cookies when I bring dessert.
I have 5 boys aged 18 down to 7, and this is my most often requested cookie.
This scoop helps them look like something you'd buy at a mall, but they taste so much than anything you can buy at a shop.
One more note unrelated to the scoop itself.
Instead of using all chocolate chips as recommended by Laura Bush, instead use a combination of semi-sweet, butterscotch, and white baking chips.
The butterscotch, especially, puts these over the top.
IOW, there are 24 of these scoops in a quart.
The notched bar kept slipping on the gears and they wouldn't go back together properly -- not to stay anyway.
Great quality!As it turns out by comparing them, two of my other scoops are also Norpro.
Neither of them has *ever* slipped, even when the grandchildren use them.
Nothing but Norpro for me, from now on.ETA: I wouldn't use this for hard ice cream; it's not designed for it.
I have had this for at least 4 years now and i can't even imagine being without it.
I bake cookies quite frequently and use this because it saves me time and all the cookies are uniformly the same size.
You will get up to 4" cookies with this scooper and it makes great meatballs as well.
I don't have any problems cleaning it or using it.
I am ordering the smaller one knowing that i will have great success with it.
Highly recommend every kitchen who does alot of baking.UPDATE: 09/20/2009Still working good and use it all the time.
I have two other sizes of this scoop and i love them all.
I find this size perfect for uniform cookies that are either smaller in size or spread out a lot during baking (like lace cookies).
I like them for small gingersnaps cookies, creating a baked cookie about the size between a quarter and half dollar.
My other two scoops are used constantly and have lasted for 4 years so far and I expect no less from this one.
Don't waste your money on any other plastic handle type.
Just get this scoop if you want one that will last.
Perfect size for scooping cupcake batter, but a bit too big for cookies.
I have a whole set of different sizes.
Though not inexpensive, they are really well made and I expect them to last for many years.
My gosh, I wish I had bought them years ago.
Just what I had been looking for a very long time.
I use this for making small sized &#34;cookies&#34; for my beast, a 99 pound dog.
I didn't want to give him one big cookie but like the smallest I can make with this kitchen tool.
It is good quality and is easy enough to clean.
I bought this scoop with the intent to use it to scoop batter into my mini muffin pan.
Works perfectly! I will also be using it this summer to add melon balls to summer fruit salads!.
Easy to wash, never have problem with stuck cookie dough.
This one and a half teaspoon stainless steel scoop has endless uses.
After it arrived, I gave the scoop a test run by preparing little flavored butter balls from softened butter and herbs.
Once formed and slightly chilled I piled them on a small serving dish.
The butter balls added a special touch to the dinner table.
That utensil produced ganache balls of different sizes, some smaller, some bigger and required more hand rolling to get a genuine ball shape.
Relatively solid items, like ice cream, butter or ganache are rolled within the scoop to form a ball.
I splurged one day and bought a bunch of these Norpro scoops in different sizes.
Each was kind of expensive, but they have proven to be totally worth it.
I use them (in different sizes) almost every day for cookies, muffins, meatballs, hummus, mashed potatoes, and so on.
They are well-constructed, sturdy, and take a long soak in the sink and a wash in the dishwasher in stride.
This makes the perfect sized cookie for young children.
You have to do a lot more scooping than with a 2 tablespoon scoop but then you get lots more cookies.
Our cookies are probably about 1 1/2 inches when baked.
I have been collecting the Norpro scoops because they are all metal construction, sturdy, and left-hand friendly.
I use them for cupcakes, tough cookie dough, portioning.
Not only did I purchase this scoop for ice cream, it is perfect for the right amount of cupcake batter.
just what i need- makes perfect scoops for cookies.
5 stars- thats all i have to say.
Haven't had a chance to use the smaller one but just once for scooping out blobs of Dulce de Leche and marbelizing them in brownies.
The chocolate dulce combo didn't work too well either tastewise.
Once I put them in the fridge, they firmed up and were at least edible.
Those scoops are going to be great for cookies which is what I bought them for, probably find many other uses for them as well.
I  love this, just made tiny chocolate chip cookies and they were a hit!  Easy to use, washed like a charm.LOVE anything stainless!Thank you Amazon.Nancy.
This size (3 tbsp) is great for filling muffin cups accurately and consistently and also for really big cookies.
I rarely use it for big cookies because I like something a little more bite size.
But for consistently sized drop biscuits and filling muffin cups, this size rocks.
I learned when I was a kid to cook and bake and these are wonderful for cookies.
This is one of my favorite purchases ever.
Two scoops is perfect for regular sized muffins.
All the cookies come out the same size and baked perfectly.
It's also great for filling muffin tins, cupcakes and making meatballs.
This is a great tool for any baker/cook.
This is the best tool for scooping up and loading my cupcake pans.
Very quick and easy!! I use this for standard size cupcakes.
I got this for filling chocolates with and it's the perfect size and works great with sticky food like peanut butter.
So I ordered all the small dishers available on Amazon.
Sure, I'm nuts, but I have Amazon Prime, so the shipping was free.
The balls are made out of quite firm, straight from the refrigerator whipped white chocolate ganache.
There are two scoops shown for each disher.
They made nice scoops, but I returned the Zerolls as I found the plastic handles rather awkward to use with very stiff batter.
TheOxo Good Grips Small Cookie Scoophas the most comfortable handle to use of all of them.
Other model scoops have a trigger that are oriented to right handers, which I can't operate well, if at all.
This particular brand is very well-made and stands up to repeated use as well as washing on the top rack of the dishwasher.
I've had some of my scoops for years, and none of them have broken.
I do have one or two from other manufacturers and the problem seems to be in the slide that removes the dough from the spoon.
After awhile, the slide gets pushed out of shape from the repetition of loading up dough and then sliding it off.
If I were working with a more malleable dough (not chocolate chip), this problem may not occur.
It's heavy-duty & looks like it will never wear out.
I may use it to dish up risotto and casseroles too.
Easy to use, easy to clean puts the correct amount of what you are baking on the pan.
Much better than using a spoon as it is much more accurate so the cookies or biscuits are all done at the same time.
The little spinner inside the scoop releases the dough unlike using a spoon.
It works best for softer foods that you need to portion.
If you don't abuse it, it should last forever.
Really like this for making large cookies  uniform- to scoop out the dough onto the cookie sheet.
The cookies need to cook a little longer, but are large and luscious.
I will order the One Tablespoon one if I ever get the money to order it.
My husband is not able to work and so our spending has slowed down.
I have ordered 3 sizes and am very pleased with all.Thanks!.
I had a 2 TB scoop and it was just a little too big for cookies.
I also bought the 1 TB so I can scoop any size I need.
I hand-wash, so I don't know if they could handle the dishwasher.
This scoop is perfect for dipping up uniform, standard-sized cupcakes.
Along with several different sizes of these well designed scoops, this one meets my need to a T.
I bought this for filling my mini cupcakes.
It is very heavy duty and the perfect size for a number of things.
I think this well made product will last for a long time.
I can't say enough about how handy these are.
This one is very sturdy and can take heavy use.
One of the benefits of making a batch of cookies with this is that they all come out the uniform size.
Uniform size helps in baking evenly and also they just look better once they start out from the same size and shape.
Norpro makes a great, high quality product that lasts.
Yes, these scoops may be a little higher in price, but this scoop is durable and does the job perfectly.
I use the 4 tablespoon/2 oz size for lots of things.
The stainless steel does not rust, cleans easily, and keeps its shine.
I'd recommend these in any size, but this is certainly the one I use most often and is a must-have for the serious baker.
Very well made and will work perfectly for making ravioli which is what he got it for.
This is the size scoop if you want to make perfect cookies.
I bought a smaller size one, and got small cookies.
This also can be used for making mini muffins.
Multi function and a necessity for any baker.
I bought this item to ease making small meat balls for soups -- Italian Wedding Soup in particular.
It is very well made; 'heavy' components and works smoothly and efficiently.
I have four different sizes of these scoops and the 3 TB is my favorite for pancakes and big cookies.
I always wash mine in the dishwasher and it still looks brand new.
Don't hesitate to purchase any of the Norpro Stainless Steel Scoops - you'll wonder why you waited so long to own one.
Works much better than spoons - less mess, more accuracy.
I am amazed at how this scoop speeds up the cookie baking process ! I love it! The dough comes out with ease.
You won't regret having this handy scoop in your utensil drawer! the cookies look just like bakery cookies, perfectly shaped !.
I use this for scooping yogurt and applesauce for our lunches, filling cupcakes and muffin tins, and even for cookies.
Stainless steel is lasting and the wire scoop on the interior keeps the ice cream from sticking inside the spoon portion like some other scoops.
It's a good size for cupcakes, easy to clean, stainless steel, and fun to use.
Not much else good to say about it, and nothing bad.
I have got to say this is some of the juiciest homeade chicken I have ever had.
I put it in the oven for 360 degrees for 2 hours and it came out great.
The infuser didn't exactly give it any flavor, but i figure adding some liquids that evaporate at a lower temperature may help.
I've my roast Peruvian chicken with this on in my oven several times.
I bought this based on America's Test Kitchen's recommendation.
Let it sit for several hours in the refrigerator.
Put the bird on the roaster and put the roaster in a roasting pan.
Put the whole thing in the over at 325 for 45-55 minutes (140 internal temp).
Saw the roaster on America's Test Kitchen and ordered itthe same day.
You can even use it on the outdoor grill.
I chose to purchase this one because it was recommended by America's Test kitchen, and I am very satisfied.
The one problem I have with this is that it didn't come with any recipes or suggestions, only assembly instructions.
I  expect kitchen gadgets to come with recipes, and was surprised when this one did not.
I adapted the preparation I saw on TV.
I only wish the skin and browned and crisped more.
Next time I'll put the cut up serving pieces under the broiler to quickly brown it.
The roaster goes together and comes apart easily, which is great because it stores flat.
It also cleaned up well in the dishwasher, another plus.
Bones are kept for broth.So easy to use.
We used water garlic and lemon and the chicken didn't taste like it.
My DH said they are better than rotisserie chicken we make on the grill.
I do think the texture is better too.
We have to put the rack on the very bottom to accommodate the size (tallness).
This keeps them from burning and smoking in the hotter oven.
Next, cook for maybe 20 min more until you hit an internal temp or 160.
You then glaze that sucker with your favorite glaze, bake just another five minutes, then take it out and let it cool a bit.
It really does make the most evenly crispy roasted chicken I've ever seen without using a rotisserie.
Although my wife rolled her eyes when I initially purchased this, we're both very happy with it.
Very sturdy, and easily held a 10 pound chicken.
The drip tray works well, and the infuser is a great way to add moisture and flavor to the chicken.
I've used it once, roasting my first chicken ever.
I have what I think is a regular oven size (ca.
(I'll try to attach photo.)  Would work better in a taller oven.
Bird came out perfect otherwise, well done throughout.
It took 55 minutes to get the breast up to 140 degrees.
Then I took it out and poured 2 cups of water in the pan for easier cleanup of pan.
Brought oven up to 500 degrees and put bird back in for 20 minutes to finish.
I have had this Vertical Roaster for a while now, and I love it.
It is made of high quality stainless steel, and it is easy to put together, and take apart for cleaning.
It can be a little hard to handle, when it is hot and loaded with a large cooked chicken.
I especially like the infuser, where you can put just about anything, such as wine or beer, or herbs and spices.
I would have thought it would evaporate somewhat, so I'm not sure how much of it really gets into the chicken.
Overall, a great product....I will never cook a chicken any other way!!.
Would recommend this roaster for anyone loving roasted chicken.
Sturdy enough to hold chicken without its falling over.Have used it countless times.
I was trying to cook my poultry in a traditional manner, like on a rotating spike.
However, my oven does not support this and the rotisseries are quite expensive.Then I came across this item.
OK, it does not rotate but still leaves most of the poultry exposed.
Moreover, it has an infuser at the base so once the chicken/duck is impaled on it, it will be infused from within.The results are nice.
Crispy skin, moist meat.Easy to clean and store, reasonably priced, I am a satisfied customer!.
I had two versions of the famous &#34;beer can chicken&#34; roaster; a ceramic cone and this more elaborate unit.
The ceramic cone transferred the heat inside the chicken and cooked it well.
This metal version does that also, but allows you to put beer, wine or other liquids and herbs, lemons, garlic in the infuser.
If you don't do this, it's kind of hard to take it out at the end of roasting, when it's full of juices.
It's also more troublesome to clean up than a ceramic roaster; you have to soak the metal bits to remove baked on juices and meat.
However, the result, especially with a good, fresh, organic chicken is nothing short of miraculous.
The leg meat in particular stays very moist as the juice drips down into it as it roasts.
I think this is some of the best roast chicken I've ever made.
Perfect for our peruvian chicken recipe in the oven or on the BBQ.
I like how it catches juices in the bottom and that you can fit spices or a lemon inside the insert container.
My only surprise is that I had to put it on the lowest rack for the chicken to fit in the oven.
So it fits best on the smaller Rocky Road Chickens.
Used it on the grill and it worked well there also.
I did a lot of comparison research and gave this one a go.
I've cooked many whole chickens...and even a 15 lb turkey with it...without disappointment.
It's very solidly built yet easy to take apart and clean.
It comes free from the bird quite easily even if you're basting with something sticky.
What can I say about vertical roasting? Well, roasting a chicken is both the easiest and most difficult thing in cooking.
It's very easy to do, but it's also very easy to overcook and end up with dry flesh.
The vertical method really does make it foolproof.
Every chicken I've made with this has come out with a perfectly crisp skin and moist tender flesh.
Learned about this handy little rack on America's Test Kitchen.
It is easy to assemble and works beautifully.
It cleaned up easily with a quick rinse and a ride in the dishwasher.
Last but not least, it breaks down to 5 components which makes it much easier to store.
I learned about this product while watching America's Test Kitchen as a best pick from many upright Roasters.
I'm back to buy another one for my daughters family.
They note an ALTERNATIVE TO BRINING they like, too.
I think it is the Season 12 "Simply Chicken" January 2012 episode.
If you do a lot of chicken roasting you might want to try to get a hold of the recipe/show.
I saw this on America's Test Kitchen TV show.
The cross ring is a little tight to snap right in the groove first time.
All and all it's a very good roaster and does a very good job.
The best thing I the skin is crispy all around and no soggy bottom.
Even with the oven rack, the back of the chicken never turn crispy.
Take one extra step by separating the skin and the meat (breast, thigh and leg), in way they are not sticking together.
Poke some holes on the skins (breast, back and especially legs and thighs).
The fat drains out from the skin creating a nice crispy skin.
(sort of self basting and add extra flavor)I like this model because it's elevated higher than other model.
The chicken legs is not into the dripping pool of liquids.
You still have to use a roasting pan to catch the extra juices overflowing from the dripping pan.
I feel more confident using this roaster than an actual beer can.
I am not sure about the paints from the beer can do to the chicken.
The cleaning is very easy to clean.I am going to experiment more on different way of season the chicken.
I got this roaster to make Cook's Illustrated's Peruvian Chicken, per their recommendation.
I may not go back to my other roasting rack!.
The stainless steel is sturdy and the roaster is well-built.
I didn't have any misalignment problems while assembling it.
It's not tippy, but the drain-off from our first 6-lb roaster chicken easily overflowed the base.
We had an additional pan underneath to which we added water to keep the smoking and sizzling down.
To be honest, we'll always include a pan underneath the roaster even if it didn't overflow.
We find that the pan significantly aids in getting the roaster in an out of the oven.
Then, remove the bird and increase oven temp to 500 degrees.
Put the bird back in the oven and cook until the breast meat reaches 160 degrees.
I didn't spray the roaster before cooking the chicken, so it did stick to the vertical supports a little.
It was precarious trying to pull up on the chicken to release it without spilling the juices in the base.
Instead, I pushed down firmly on the chicken, which broke it away from the supports and allowed me to easily pull it off.
I bought two of these before measuring the ht of my grill and they didn't fit.My fault.
I felt bad about returning them and gave them away instead.These are heavy and I would recommend them to anyone.
i used it very easy to clean and well made  chicken couldn't of tasted better  used beer and rosemary in the infuser.
Seems to hold a chicken very sturdy, like that you can put other than beer in it.
I use this to make peruvian chicken, which is typically made on a rotissere (which I do not have or have room for).
I bought the Norpro Vertical Roaster with Infuser in February, and have since used it at least once a week.
I love a good roast chicken, and this gadget helps me make the best.
I place mine on a 12-inch Calphalon Everyday Pan, which has two loop handles for easy carrying.
When you take it out of the oven you must let it rest on the roaster for 20 minutes before removing it.
Once I figured this out there was no problem getting it off.You will have the juiciest, most flavorful chicken ever.
My dinner guest last night was so impressed that he plans to buy the Norpro for his girlfriend back in California who loves to cook.
I, like many others, purchased this after I saw it on an episode of America's Test Kitchen.
I normally roast my chicken in a pan in the oven, the traditional way.
I sometimes (well, often) ended up with dry breast meat using that method.
Well I've been cooking vertically since I bought this roaster and I have to say, the breast meat stays moist and juicy.
I'd buy this Norpro again in a minute.
I spray them with some nonstick spray, and my pancakes come out fine.
I always have issues with my pancakes sticking to it and/or tearing when I flip them.
Not to mention that I don't really see any point in having a star-shaped pancake.
At least the heart is cute for special occasions.Since the molds are silicone, I don't have to worry about scratching up my pans or griddle.
And they're reasonably easy to clean up.If they had a set with 3 circles and/or hearts, I'd recommend it over this.
But for the price, I might pick up another set and just leave the stars in a drawer.
Even adults had fun using them, including myself.
They are also easy to clean and light.
While the product quality is good, these 3 shapes are REALLY large.
The circle is 5-1/8 inch in outside diameter, and 4-5/8 inch inside diameter.
I think this is really too large for a single egg (unless you use a jumbo egg)....maybe two eggs would be more like it.
The circle is way too big for cooking an egg for an english muffin sandwich, or even a large hamburg roll.
The star would be OK for a single egg, or a smaller pancake, but the heart too large for an egg....again, OK for a pancake.
These things are great!  We use them everytime we make pancakes.
They are so easy to turn when one side is done.
One thing though, we have a large family and make many pancakes at a time.
After a few fillings, they do have more of a tendency to stick to the finished pancake.
I don't know if this is due to our recipe we usually use (oatmeal pancakes) or just the way they are.
I solve it with a litte oil wiped on with a paper towel or a spray-on oil.
The children love shaped pancakes so these make it fun!  Highly recommend!.
I am a slave for garlic, and this makes such yummy whole roasted cloves.
Thinking maybe if I zipped it in a ziplock that might help it.
I grown my own garlic and found that using this baker produces great roasted garlic for use in recipes and as a spread.
Garlic has so many healing powers and baking it in a clay baker is delicious.
I had one before - dropped it and broke it.
When you bake garlic in this it comes out like butter.
I serve it with brie and crusty baguettes.
I didn't have to heat my whole oven, fits in my convection over just fine.
Being a collector of kitchen gadgets, I purchased this a few years ago and it disappeared among the other items in my collection.
I found it recently and bought some fresh garlic, drizzled it with olive oil, and sprinkled some fresh thyme over it.
The Norpro works much better than foil as it bakes the garlic more evenly.
I use this item all the time now and just toss it in the oven when I'm roasting another main dish or casserole.
It's so good that you may find yourself wanting more than one, as there is nothing that tastes better than food smothered in roasted garlic.
Amazon's description shows that this product is oven and microwave-safe, although the packaging on the box itself does not say that it is microwave-safe.
It didn't break, crack, or pit - so I think it is dishwasher safe.
I just pop this in the oven when I'm making my bread.
When the bread is ready to cut, I have this wonderful garlicy paste to spread on the slices.
This garlic roaster is perfect for oven use.
I got one for a gift years ago, and I just recently bought one for my mom for a gift.
This can fit 2-3 whole garlic bulbs in it, 4 if they are of a small size.
It can also roast onions and apples according to the package, but I have never used mine for that.
Maybe I will have to try that.The garlic turns out very mild and spreadable, like butter.
You can either bake in the oven or use in the microwave, but I suggest baking.
Makes roasting garlic something you will enjoy for many years and can be used for roasting other vegetables also.
I just used what I had on hand, but this works great.
the taste of roasted garlic is much milder than when used raw or even slow cooked in a skillet.
I have found many new uses for garlic.
WHOA! I have so far made, Garlic mashed potatoes, garlic bread, garlic mac and cheese, marinara sauce with roasted garlic and mushrooms.
easy directions, about a 40 minute wait-After*** the oven preheats to 450.
It is worth the wait and extra work.
I made things that my super picky mother would normally never even touch let alone eat, and she loved them with roasted garlic added.
Around 45 minutes later you have a truly amazing ingredient.
You can even roast it on the weekends and freeze it for use during the week.
Love the large size to fit multiple heads of garlic for storage.
Seems to work well at keeping garlic fresh versus just storing in a basket.
I got this as a gift from my daughter about 15 years ago.
I've roasted onions and peppers too in this.
WHEN YOU FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS THE RESULTS ARE SUMPTUOUS ANDQUITE HEALTHY TO BOOT.
EITHER EATING THE CLOVES OR USINGTHEM AS A SPREAD OR EQUALLY GOOD!  GOOD PRODUCT!.
We've had this garlic baker for a couple of months now and love it.
It can fit two small garlic cloves or one very large clove.
This is the perfect garlic roaster...ideal size to do a few heads at once.
The only thing I wish there were cleaning instructions.
No instructions came in the box, everything is on the outside of the box.
There is nothing there though to tell you how to clean.Great product!.
I received the garlic keeper in excellent shape.
It's large enough to hold an ample supply of garlic and looks great in the kitchen.
I have had garlic in this cute little pot for 4 to 6 months.
it's as fresh as the day I put it in there.no growth or anything.
OH, it is used to store garlic, how practicl.
I saw this at a store, and am going to get one.
But his not only puts it 'away', it is also decorative.
Cute, matches the Norpro butter bell I got.
Holds probably 5 garlic cloves max if you place them in Tetris style.
It came through the dishwasher okay and is more pleasant to look at than a clay keeper.
This was a gift and the recipient was delighted with the shape, size and function.
This was just what I was looking for.
The color matched my kitchen and looks nice on my counter.
This was also a good price as I had been shopping around.
Well, it came and I love the size! It's perfect.
It says on the box you can also store ginger in it also.
I'm not a big dark blue on white fan.
Something less bold like a soft sage or taupe on white would have been nice.
But no matter, it is great, not too small and not too large/.
I plan to buy a few for my friends.
This is a really nice way to keep garlic and it looks so good in the kitchen.
I really like it and it makes a really nice gift too!.
From what I can tell it seems to be a well-built keeper, guess I will find out when the new one arrives.
I will definitely be putting this to use, seems to be just about the right size for my needs.
Good job Amazon on fixing the problem and getting a new one out to me.
Have needed this instead of plastic bags with holes in them and am very happy.
simple design, goes in the pull out drawer for spices and herbs, further adding to storage life of the bulbs.
Yes, if the design pleases you, I would recommend the Norpro Ceramic Garlic (Shallot/Ginger, etc) keeper!.
I've had several garlic jars and always seem to break them way too soon.
This one is larger than the others and the quality is much better.
Someone had mentioned that their top was off round and I expected a cheap knock off.
I was surprised to find when the jar arrived that the quality was very good including the glaze with no bumps.
I just hope it lasts longer than my other ones.
My garlic keeps for weeks and the keeper is large enough for several bulbs.
It prolongs the life of fresh ginger and shallots as well.
I have not yet tried keeping the three together in the garlic keeper.
It is hard to tell from the image here on Amazon, but the garlic keeper is off white with blue.
It holds a lot more garlic than I used to buy.
The keeper's very pretty and I wish it came in other colors for gifts for people with varied kitchen color schemes.
You can fit your hand in the jar, which means you can stuff a lot of garlic in there.
It works great and looks nice on my counter top.
When I happened to find it one day when I was shopping for kitchen items for myself.
It was packed in a seperate box which protected it from breaking or chipping.
Then it was repacked again in another box.
I was impressed and will definetly recommend the Norpro product to family and friends.
I've been slowly sprucing up my countertop clutter and decided to try a garlic keeper.
We love this pot for storing garlic, which we grow.
And it works well, color wise, with many other blues in our kitchen.
You can fit three or four bulbs inside.
I only wish it came in different colors.
What can you say, it's a garlic keeper? I used to keep garlic on my counter in a small dish.
This garlic keeper is pretty and covered and keeps garlic out of sight.
It matches in color with the butter keeper I bought, so it works well for me and keeps my counter looking better organized.
Additionally, I will frequently not use all of my garlic before it goes bad, and have to run out to the store to restock.
The Norpro provides a dark environment for about five to six large bulbs.
The holes on the outside allow air to circulate, but blend in with the design so they aren't very noticeable.
This is a great garlic keeper, nice size too.
I can put a lot of garlic in it & it looks nice on the counter.
This keeper is a nice large garlic keeper.
I have 6 heads of Garlic in it and could put a few more.
I am so happy I bought this as it is really a nice Jar.
What a great size!  I bought this for my son and daughter-in-law for Christmas.
I think I'm going to have to purchase one for myself.
(So glad it broke, because I purchased this one)  This one will hold about 6 or more bulbs.
It is fantastic!!! I would recommend it to everyone!  It is also very attractive to have on your counter!!!.
I have been looking for a stainless funnel and finally found one.
I hate all those plastic ones for draining oils and sauces.
You just have to make sure you put the strainer in the right position though, or the fluid won't go through the funnel.
thius thing is great,, used the other day to drainour deep fryer, strained out alot of the bits and pieces in the bottom,,.
If you're looking for an industrial-strength stainless steel strainer, this is about the most rugged one you'll find.
The fit and finish is flawless, and it looks like it will last forever.
A great little strainer that is well made and easy to clean.
I took the advise of from other reviewers and using a #2 coffee filter helps significantly for oil.
I wanted a stainless steel funnel to replace my plastic one.
I want to get away from using plastic.
When I saw this funnel with the strainer I thought "what a novel idea".
I've used it to strain grease twice already and it did a very acceptable job.
But if you want this to strain small particles of breading or flour sediment this won't do that.
However, if you have sizeable gunk, this does a good job and the strainer is removeable.
It's big and it even has a handle.
And the best part, it's stainles steel so you can put it in the dishwasher.
The larger one is good for applesauce etc.
Great tool to use and I have to leave to many words to mention how great this item is.
This funnel is a great size, perfect for most my kitchen uses.
It is built well and best of all has a detachable strainer and a pretty wide spout.
I plan of looking at other products this company offers to replace the plastic set I own.
A real oversight for a funnel of this quality.
The groove should have partially continued up the side of the funnel bowl (as in some cheaper funnels).
We've used it for a few years and believe it or not, it still looks brand new.
I should have bought it when I purchased the cooker.
I use this funnel twice a day to fill glass bottles with distilled water,works great.
I like the strainer, but like too the option of not using it too.
Works well with my fryer to strain the oil after using.
This is a great oil / grease funnel.
I read where it was stated that the strainer holes were too large, but I have to disagree.
It caught everything out of my deep frier, and did not clog.
It is very easy to clean as well.
Product does what it was designed to do.
Large enough so that it drains relatively quickly, so a large amount of oil can be run through it in a short amount of time.
This is a really good quality funnel, and the strainer has come in handy several times.
I would recommend to anyone needing a good solid set.
I've had this for a couple of years now.
I rarely use the strainer, though occasionally it proves useful.
Mostly I like it because nothing really sticks to it.
I had a plastic funnel for a while, and anything oily was really hard to clean, especially in the downtube.
The stainless steel doesn't seem to have that issue.
I am trying to move away from plastics in my kitchen, and this is good quality.
I've seen the other reviews whining that the included strainer isn't fine enough to catch all debris in leftover frying oil.
Unlike plastic funnels, which never really feel clean after dealing with grease and oil, this one cruises through the dishwasher w/o problems.
I have used the strainer for oil, but it is on the coarse side.
However, I find this funnel works great with a Melitta #2 coffee filter, which I use for my small coffeemaker.
I don't like using cheesecloth as it's a hassle.
I'd suggest going to a coffee filter as an alternative.
Additionally, I can pour hot oil after frying at a temp that would damage a plastic funnel.
I brew my grommet iced tea in large batches.
I wanted this funnel to hold coffee filters so I could remove tea fines and oil resulting from the brewing process.
I bent the spike over and it no longer presents a problem.
Norpro makes a good quality product and I never hesitate to order their equipment.
I use it to pour my gallon of deep fryer oil back into the storage bottle.
This strains the junk out of oil really well.
I use it a lot for straining frying oil or homemade chicken broth.
Easy to clean in dishwasher (take out strainer and put in with silverware).
I got a small set from a high-end store.
I saw this one online and decided to give a try.
It turned out that it is good value, good quality , handy and easy to clean.
I mainly used it to pour cooking oil.
Nice large funnel with a strainer, if needed.
I love the fact that it is metal and not that junky plastic.
Great for straining grease after frying and resaving it for another time.
The little strainer in the center comes out for easy rinsing.
It doesn't wobble on the container you put it on for straining.
Bought a total of 3: one for me, my daughter, and my grandson who loves to fry wings.
i was looking for a non-plastic alternative to a funnel, and this is a wonderful one! very sturdy and the strainer works great.
I don't know why I never thought about upgrading my funnel.
But it is defintely worth it because of the time saved from skimming you'd have to do if you didn't have this.
this funnel is perfect for getting wine back in a bottle I used it for making vinegar the strainer removes the slime pretty well.
So nice to have a stainless funnel that will last forever, after having several metal ones that rusted.
This is a good size and I like the wider but shorter size.
The strainer is great too, although I haven't needed it yet.
This fits well in thin necked bottles and it can hold alot in the funnel while it drains into the container.
There was a sticker on the inside of the funnel that said it was made in China.
You can pull out the filter and use it as a normal non-filtered funnel, or use your own filter or screen inside the funnel.
great stainless funnel good to use with hot oil and other hot liquids that may/may not need strained.
No matter how dishwasher-safe plastic/silicone ones are, they eventually get disgusting with the oil.
The handle helps me to hold it if needs be.
This product is well made and is as described in the article.
very nice funnel for use in small opening bottles.
strainer option is very nice for small particles.
i make large batches of loose tea and the removable strainer will be handy for this function.
This funnel really works well for storing any substance that needs to be strained first.
There is nothing like this funnel and strainer for putting the oil back into the plastic bottle once it has cooled.
The strainer snaps in place so there is no risk of it popping out.
The strainer is a nice feature that I use to filter seeds from freshly squeezed orange juice.
The strainer is easy in, easy out and the funnel is a breeze to clean and after at least 100 uses still looks like new.
i use empty spray bottles from a retail store and mix up my own fly spray.
I needed a funnel and use this one a lot for transferring liquids from different bottles and containers.
Last i used it to transfer a lot of sangria into a huge container and it worked really well.
This is a great funnel and strainer combo.
I use it mostly for trying to strain cooking oil after frying something.
I make my own cleaning products and I was looking for a good quality strainer.
This does the job and it can hold quite a bit of product as I strain.
Do not know how I ever managed without this wonderful funnel.
the size of the funnel is great for pouring from a larger container -- looks good hanging out in my kitchen.
Having purchased a deep fryer I couldn't live without this funnel/strainer.
The amount of oil I use needs to be reused instead of thrown away.
I've been using this to filter and re-use cooking oil.
Easy to pour into and the handle makes it easy to stabilize.
Nice item, great size, and holds up to dishwasher cleaning very well.
It's a much better choice (in my opinion) to plastic funnels which are impossible to clean thoroughly after using oils and such.
I was hesitant buying this because I thought it was too expensive for just a funnel.
I am very glad that I did thought because its well worth it.
The fact that its stainless steel makes it very durable and long lasting.
I have been using it to decant oil used for frying from the pot into a clean bottle.
The mesh is perfect because it keeps all the bits from getting into the clean oil.
My wife was very happy to get one of these - I like the fact that the crumbs are caught inside.
I knew I needed a product like this.
After reading the reviews for this product, I began a search for a different bread slicing guide.
I would have taken anything other than this one.
But, I couldn't find anything to meet my needs.
Everything I found was either discontinued or had other issues.
I got so desperate, price was no longer an issue.
Then I read a review which stated the reviewer gave the product a try despite the negative reviews and liked it.
So I ordered the product with the intent to just give it a try.
I learned something from the reviews I read and employed them as soon as I received my Norpro 370 Bread Slicing Guide.
I glued as well as screwed the acrylic guide to the wood.
I used my 10 inch serrated bread slicing knife.
WOO-HOO! It worked beautifully!! The slices are perfect!! Even the crumb looks like it came from a bakery when cut evenly.
I love it and I am so glad I tried it.
This product is great for breads, quick breads and loaf cakes.
If you cannot slice evenly or if you want your slices to be consistent, I highly recommend this product.
I hope this helps you make your decision.
I have read most of the reviews, and it appears that negative reviewers  are not using a proper knife which must be 10+" long.
It was simple to assemble, it's sturdy and it does exactly what it's supposed to do.
I have a sandwich bread recipe that I love and this slices the baked bread perfectly.
I have used this a few times and love it.
I like that there is a grated bottom for the crumbs to fall into.
The only thing I thought it could do without was the &#34;Our daily bread&#34; stamped on the end piece.
Have only used it on one loaf and there's almost perfect slices.
I think it might make a more even slice on a 1 1/2 lb loaf instead of a 2 lb loaf.
I purchased a bread maker last month so I could make heart healthy bread.
I purchased this bread slicer and now we have uniform 1/2" slices of bread!.
I get even sliced breads and the crumbs are caught in the bottom instead of all over the counter.
This is the best idea and works great.
we love it for when we make homemade bread.
It is easy to assemble and clean.The only problem is that normal knife lengths are hard to use.
When you pull back on the blade it slips out of the far slot and has to be guided in again before slicing.
I bought a 14 inch lenth bread knife and that works perfectly.
I take the end piece out so I can push the bread a little further through to get the thicker slices.
Shipping was fast and the assembly was easy.
This product definitely increases my enjoyment of having a bread machine.
The set width is just fine for my needs.
Nice and adequate slicing guide, but make sure you have a Very long knife.
As the base is wood, I usually cut down almost to the bottom so I don't cut the wood.
If you grill thick slices for sandwiches that first thick slice is perfect.
Luckily, I have a very long bread knife, a regular bread knife will not work.
Also, one of the wooden pieces had come loose and needed to be glued with wood glue, poor quality control.
This is the best invention to use for slicing bread.
I have a breadmaker and make all of my bread.
I would highly recommend this product for anyone who makes bread at home.
It is hard to slice bread without one of these.
You will get nice evenly sliced pieces with this product.
It's great! Make sure you use a long, saw edged knife and be careful when slicing.
If you aren't watching, the tip of the knife will miss the slot on the opposite side and you may stab the plastic.
I think it would be VERY difficult to break this, the plastic is very thick and durable.
I love this! Easy to cut bread, the crumbs go the well underneath and it is very easy to clean.
a hard cutting board quality wood would have made this a 5  star product.
i just angled the screws slightly down while pushing up on acrylic bottom, to lift bottom of guide slightly above wood baseline.
This will work well if you have a 10 1/4&#34; knife, otherwise the knife won't be long enough to stay in the slots.
it is very useful when slicing home made breads and breads from the store when not sliced.
I use this all the time for bread machine bread and find it works well as the slices are evenly spaced.
You just need to have a knife with a 10 inch blade so it stays in the guides.
I think all the folks who broke the teeth were using short knifes or had never sliced bread before.
I am making gluten free bread and had trouble slicing it into thin slices and this article helps accomplish that.
You will need a long bread knife to cut to be able to stay within the guide.
Would prefer a bit of a thinner slice and some way to avoid cutting down into the wood.
Also a way to easily remove the plastic guide from the wood for thorough washing would improve the design tremendously.
I would definitely buy this product again for myself or as a gift.
Had to put together but took like 2 minutes to place the 4 screws.
I love it! I love the wood crumb catcher.
Had no problems slicing bread with long serrated knife.
Looks great on my kitchen counter next to the bread machine :-) Highly recommend.
It lets me slice my home-made loaves evenly and I like the &#34;Our Daily Bread&#34; message that's etched on the front portion of the slicer.
It does take up a lot of space in my cupboard.
I wish it was capable of being able to fold down or take apart easily.
I think the electric slicers work better, but they are expensive.
As long as you aren't one that is hard on things this should do you good and does what it should.
Easy enough my husband and son can cut their own bread and they are pretty helpless in the kitchen.
I love this bread slicer as it allows me to cut small and large slices.
With the electric knife I purchased, slicing is a breeze.
I made a mistake on rating the knife.
I do agree it would be nice if the slice width was adjustable, but I love it.
I don't care if the wood is gouged; that just makes it look more used.
My favorite table in the kichen has gouges from years of family sitting together enjoying meals.
I do own a very long very old bread-carving knife, so I have no problems slicing.
it is such a good product that I bought one for my daughter.
it arrived in good shape and very timely.
The guides allow you to make the slices as thick as you want down to almost a 1/4 inch in thickness.
I have used it several times already since I only eat my own bread I make and it has not disappointed me yet.
I love this bread slicer it makes slicing bread so easy, I jut love it.
This guide is a bit on the wide side...but with a little practice it works just fine.
I do wish it were made of plastic or something less likely to get "carved" up when I am cutting the bread though.
The wood has grooves from my bread knife- but it works for what it was made to work for.
It was easy to assemble, and is quite nice to have with bread loaves from a bread machine.
But the slices come out great and very even.
Keeping in mind that this is a $15 bread slicer, it is great.
If you have a proper bread knife it should cut all the way through just fine.
The crumb catcher does just that, very handy.
So for a cheap solution this does the trick, I am very pleased with it.
I like this so much that I had to buy 2 of them, the wife stole the first one when I went home for R&R!!.
THE LOAF FITS EASILY INSIDE THIS SLICER AND THE CRUMB CATCHER IS GREAT, BUT THAT IS ABOUT ALL I CAN SAY POSITIVE ABOUT THIS ITEM.
THE BLADE GUARDS ARE NOT STURDY AND ARE TOO CLOSE TOGETHER(SLICES ARE TOO THIN).
THE BACK PIECE OF PLASTIC FALLS OUT OFTEN.
THE PINE WOOD IS NOT FINISHED AND NOT SANDED SMOOTH, JUST RAW WOOD.
I HAVE EVEN GOT A SPLINTER OF WOOD STUCK INSIDE THE PALM OF MY HAND.
IT ARRIVED IN A BOX, NOT ASSEMBLED (VERY CHEAP LOOKING...LIKE AN ITEM FROM THE DOLLAR STORE OR A BARGAIN BARN).
A KNIFE WITH A BLADE OF AT LEAST 1O" IS NEEDED TO SLICE BREAD.WITH ALL THE NEGATIVES SAID I MUST ADMIT I USE IT DAILY.
IT DOES MAKE NICELY SLICED BREAD AND I HAVE NOT FOUND A BETTER ONE AS OF WRITING THIS.
I had to use my own screws as the ones supplied were very short.
But it works and my wife is happy with it.
Considering some of the negative reviews I've read I am surprised by the quality of this item.
It is very well crafted and came beautifully packaged.
Yes, this slicer is a bit flimsy (what do you want - like everything else it is made overseas (Thailand)).
Easy to put together with a few screws (enclosed).
The crumb catcher grate had one warped piece of "decking", but I decided to keep it because it isn't detrimental to using the slicer guide.
I will update this review if I have any problems.Ok, so I have been using this item for a while.
If your bread doesn't fit perfectly in the older, the slices won't come out so great.
If there is a better alternative for a reasonable price, I would get something else, but, for now, this will have to do.
I don't want to spend a ton of money just to slice bread!.
Yes, it can slide a bit (I put &#34;sticky&#34; tabs on the 4 corners and that stopped).
Yes, the plastic isn't as strong as possibly metal guides but it's a good bit less expensive too.
If you're careful and not try to muscle it around or force what you're doing there isn't a problem with it at all.
My bread knife is just barely long enough but I'll simply get one that is longer! That problem is solved too.
I just don't see where some of the complaints were coming from.
If you want to spend a whole lot more than do it.
If you just need something to help guide bread machine loaves to be cut straight then I see not one thing wrong with this one.
It really helps slicing bread, just make sure you get a very long bread knife.
The slices come out even every time.It's no heavy duty unit, but works just fine for home bread.
Works just fine with a sharp bread knife.It's well worth the $15-$16 I paid for it.
If it was more money, I would expect better quality or heavier duty.
I was unsure on how sturdy this would be, by the looks of it and the price.
But it is very sturdy and works very well.
Compared to the higher prices of the competitors, I am very happy I purchased this one!.
on my 1.5 lb homemade loaf I was able to cut the entire loaf without moving any of them.I read a few people.
well, more than a few, stating that the guides are too far away for the knife to go between each side.
I bought a 10 inch bread knife from Amazon at the same time as buying this, and it worked without a problem at all.
Took me all of 1-2 seconds per slice to do that.Is it good quality?  Not really, the plastic sides are flimsy since it's plastic.
Other than that, what more can you really ask for at this price?  Honestly, the light colored wood looks pretty decent sitting on my counter.
I'm only using it to quickly slice a loaf then go my merry way.
I LOVE this bread slicer!  I bake breads daily and there is the ONLY way to cut breads perfectly.
I use it for all types of breads.
But other than that, it's a wonderful product.
Yes, it's a little flimsy, but on the whole it's been working great for us, after several months of daily use.
I love the removable crumb catcher! And for us, the slices are even and the size is fine.
We purchased this to replace an old plastic model on uneven raised legs and are much happier with this design.
Although it's rather long, the low profile actually makes it easier to use and less of a storage problem than our previous slicer.
Most of the wood strips have become detached though, so something needs to be done.
My handy husband wants to reattach them with tiny nails, but my solution is just to buy another one.
You need to know that you will have to put nonskid pads on the bottom and also good tape to hold the front together.
Other than that - it works just fine and we have nicely sliced bread.
I will probably refine the plastic box to make it more secure, but the concept works.
One more thing; you need a really long knife or it comes out of the holes.
I use a serrated bread slicer that is about14" long.
I bought this when I bought the bread maker to make slicing easier and it does.
No mess and no crumbs to clean up.
I normally don't purchase items with only a 3-star average rating, but I'm glad I purchased this bread slicer guide.
Before I purchased this, I used a cutting board to cut my bread on.
loaves.) Some have commented that the slicer guide is too wide.
I too originally thought that it was too wide until I thought of turning the loaf on its side to cut.
I use an electric bread knife so length of my knif is not important as with other reviews.
My problem here is that there is a little knob where my bread blades connect to each other.
The guide slots are not wide enough to allow that little knob to go through.
This is minor for me.As other reviewers have stated, the wood is easily dug into with your bread knife.
This item is adequately sturdy for its intended purpose.
I would not consider it to be "heavy-duty", so do not be "heavy handed" with this thing, to include assembling it.
I can see where it would be easy to strip out the holes for the screws & you can conceivably crack the clear plastic sides.
Tighten the screws sufficiently tight to hold the sides on, but not as tight as you possibly can.
Use common sense, an electric knife, & a gentle touch; it will work just fine.
I took up making home made bread about a year ago.
I ordered this item and absolutely love it.
Once you get the knack of it you can easily and quickly slice your bread.
It comes out even as does a great job.
Crumbs fall through the bottom rack which is removable for quick clean up.
The slices may be a bit thick for some people.
I like the wood base versus the old plastic base.
I couldn't fine anything like it in the stores.
Makes for nice, uniform slices for sandwich bread.
I also use it to cool my breads right out of the bread machine.
Other than that small problem, this bread slicer does it job and helps me cut perfect slices of bread for my fresh made bread.
This is not the worlds best bread slicer - however, it doesn't cost that much either.
Just take your time and use a properserrated bread knife and you'll be happy.
It is just plastic and i was a bit dissapointed that the screws needed to assembleit were not in the package.
I was able to go to my little tool box and find something that fit just fine.
I make my own breadand it's nice to have even slices without investing a lot of money.
I read a lot of the reviews of this before I bought it.
Just wanted to see what others had to say about it.
I have found that there is always someone on anything that is going to be negative.
This is not the first one I have owned.
I bought one of these at least 5+ years ago.
I bought another one recently because the old one, though it is still useable, is showing it's age.
I love baking bread and I am not good at slicing it right without this.
This works just fine, for our family though, we just don't seem to use it.
My wife does a good job slicing by hand.
If you need consistent, uniform slicing, this will work.
Although bulky to store, but I manage to live with it.
You should also buy a bread knife that is longer than 9".
And what it does is that it takes away that nasty step of inconsistent cutting (thickness) for home made bread.
I'm a guy - before this I had to have my wife cut my bread.
This takes away that need.The crumb catcher works.
What more do you want? BTW there is allot of talk here about the knife not working in the slots.
Our block of knifes included a serrated 8" (Blade) 13" (w/handle) bread cutting knife.
This knife works perfectly in this device.No mess.
I almost didn't buy this based upon some of the reviews.
So I bought it and couldn't be happier.
Fortunately I have ample woodworking experience to easily replace it with harder wood if need be.
I happen to like the thickness of the slices, but it makes only one thickness.
I tried both my slicing knife and an electric knife.
THE VERTICAL DIVIDERS ON EACH SIDE KEEP SNAPPING OFF.
I'VE TRIED EPOXY AND IT WORKS FOR JUST A SHORT TIME.
I DON'T USE THE GUIDE A LOT AND IT JUST HASN'T STOOD UP.
SEEMS AS THOUGH IT'S A GOOD DESIGN, BUT TOO FLIMSY.
DON'T KNOW THAT I'D EVEN GIVE IT ONE STAR NOW.
The only drawback is, it's been extremely difficult to find a knife long enough to use with it comfortably.
Most bread knives are a little too short to make using the slicer guide easy.
It is easy to use and you are able to cut the bread evenly.
Highly recommend this item for bread machine users!.
This is a really nice product that looks good but some bread knives are two short to reach across and still cut through.
gives me a heads up when they are done.
I have had my chicken for a couple of years now, and it still works perfectly.
I love my chicken!  And, you get to say stuff, like "set the chicken for 10 minutes".
As others say, it comes apart in shipping but you just put the halves back together.
I don't find it especially delicate or fragile as others have commented.I checked it and it was dead-on for a 7-minute timing.
Handy kitchen item which is adorable to leave on your counter.
It matches my &#34;rooster&#34; and &#34;hen&#34; decor in my kitchen exactly!!  Love it!.
I had one before and it broke.I am terrible at making hard boiled eggs.
One thing I can tell you that will make them better is use white shells.
But it is imperative you use this little baby.
This thing lets me know when my hard boiled eggs are perfectly cooked.
Every time I move I lose them but I will keep buying replacements because they work so well.
After reading that it smelled, I boiled it for 20 minutes, then soaked a day or so in cold water.
The only way to make soft boiled eggs without cracking the shell.
The egg timer goes in the pot of cold water with the eggs.
You can stop the boiling at any desired level.I have been using these devices for decades.
Many have not heard of it so it makes a good present.The thermochromic layer that shows the actual condition has a limited lifetime.
So every few years it the egg timer has to be replaced.
This takes any question out of how long is long enough for hard boiled eggs no matter what your preference is (soft boiled etc).
Just stick in the bottom of the pan and wait until the white reaches the desired mark then remove eggs and timer!.
Every once in a while there comes along a gadget that you wonder how you did without.
No guesswork, only perfectly cooked eggs.I've used this handly little device to make soft-boiled and hard-boiled eggs, and they have always come out perfect.
Just drop it in the water and take the pan off the burner when the color advances to the point you want your eggs cooked.
It has a cool design and turns black as the eggs cook.
All of the color changing egg timers of all different brands work about the same.
It changes from red to black as the egg cooks.
The larger the black spot grows in the egg timer, the harder the egg is.
The hardness scale within the plastic color egg timer says soft, medium, and hard.
Use it to determine how hard your boiled egg is.
it always drove me crazy not remembering when i put the eggs in the water when im making chicken or tuna salad.
this is a perfect little kitchen must have.
now when im running around i just have to glance in and see where were at! LOVE IT.
As a result, my egg salad was virtually inedible.
The purple starts along the outside edges and gradually fills in the entire egg shaped timer.
When the timer is all dark purple, your eggs are hard-boiled.
If it's just purple around the edges, it's soft-boiled.
Boiled this as soon as I got it there is no smell as described in other reviews.
The eggs are just as the indicator says.
Because it represents the full cooking history, is still works at any altitude, or through changes in burner control.
All in all, I give it a rare 5 stars!.
She liked it so I also ordered one for myself.
It works pretty well, if I remember to use it.
I love this gadget!  My mom had one while I was growing up and I have been looking for one for years.
I finally found it and couldn't be happier!.
we had one of these that was given to us in a wedding shower gift basket, and lost it in a house fire.
I use this egg timer at least once a week and nearly everytime have perfect eggs.
I would definitely recommend this product to make boiling eggs easier.
Norpro Egg Rite Egg TimerI was a bit skeptical about the positive reviews, but now convinced that this timer is as fantastic as described.
I bought this egg timer 2 years ago and it gets used about once a week and it is still going strong.
The red color on the timer turns purple and the egg boils to the desired doneness.
I am not sure what I did before this, but this egg timer allows me to time the eggs to perfection.
Hubby likes them very hard boiled, while I like them between medium and hard.
I've also found that it's best to cook eggs very gently, never bringing them to a full boil.
Therefore, it can be hard to determine exactly how long to cook them.
We both end up with eggs exactly the way we like them.
The timer is small enough to fit in my utensil drawer, convenient but out of the way.
This is a very innovative product and works wonderfully for me - perfect half boiled eggs every time!!.
I hard boil 30 dozen eggs each Monday morning for the Salvation Army homeless breakfast feeding program.
I put two egg timers at the top of an egg filled pot and turn on the heat.
I keep repeating the process until all 30 dozen eggs get hard boiled.
I check one egg in each batch to make sure it is fully cooked.
I am very pleased with the egg timers.
Received one of these 3 years ago as a gift.
So simple, inexpensive, and it works very well.
Leave it in with the eggs, remove the pan when indicator shows what you want---soft, medium, or hardboiled.
It works every time, and never had a problem with a smell, either.
Just ordered 4 more to give as Christmas gifts this year.
I get perfect eggs every time with this egg timer! so easy to use.
I think this times is so convenient and pretty accurate.
The don't last forever though, they eventually get milky colored and I've actually had one crack, but I use it pretty frequently.
I have owned several and always feel that I got my $ out of it.
I got one years ago and I destroyed it from use lol.
I love making deviled eggs and having boiled eggs for salads and snacks.
I would buy everyone I know one if I could.
Good companion gift for a house warming party or a bridle shower or even for the chef you know.
They should have a runny yolk inside the firm white.
Put the eggs in cold water and then bring the water to a boil with the timer already in the water.
Soft-boil eggs that are at least a week old or are approaching their expiration date (rather than extremely fresh eggs) are easier to peel.
Fresher eggs have less air inside, making them significantly harder to peel successfully.
The shock of the abrupt temperature change will help make the eggs easier to peel.
I know how to prepare hard-cooked eggs without getting the green film and solid yolks that indicate they were boiled too long.
When you cool the water, the egg reverts gradually to black.
I have not detected any plastic odor as others have noticed.
When 10 minutes are up, run the eggs under cool water until the pot is cool and the hot water is displaced by cool water.
I'm a cook, and I consider myself (modestly) a pretty good cook.
But I can never get the perfect hard boiled egg -- not quite done; overdone with that ugly grey ring, etc.
This little item makes all the difference for me!  I love it.
I now get the perfect HB egg all the time.
No odd smell that people talk about with this item.
Now, if only I can peel HB eggs without tearing up the white part.
Sometimes its off but only if the egg is too large or too small compared to the timer.
I have to admit, this happened with our last one of these too.
i have used it a couple of times and its simple and the eggs are done ANY way you like.
The Norpro Egg Rite Timer is a great egg timer.
You remove the eggs from the stove and cool down with cold water when the black reaches the line of the desired &#34;doneness&#34;.
I boiled the timer twice before using it with eggs and the smell went away just fine.
I don't know or care how it works it just does and all my eggs are now perfectly done no matter what.
Bought this for a male coworker as one of the Secret Santa gifts.
He likes to cook so this was perfect.
After trying several different methods to get the perfect hard boiled eggs, I ordered this timer.
I got the perfect eggs the first time.
It did have a plastic smell which after boiling it in plain water went away.
I won't give it a bad review just because it has that new smell like a car.
I often boil a couple of eggs for my young daughters and walk off having no idea of how "done" they are.
This timer is accurate every time although I haven't the faintest idea how it works.
It appears that is not a good idea as water apparently seeped in between the casing and it's not pretty foggy.
The first time I used it I put a little white vinegar into the water with the eggs and timer.
It seemed to cut down on the plastic smell.
Also the vinegar will seal your eggs if they crack preventing the insides from leaking out.
This is like a mood ring for your eggs.
And it really does work as well as you would expect too.
OOPS! I was pleased to fine the timer on line and have enjoyed it.
Perfect eggs every time whether you want them hard, soft or medium boiled.
So easy, even the kids can use it.
This is my second egg rite...the first one cracked and died after quite a few years of use.
Be aware that raw to medium takes much longer than medium to hard boiled.
I find the soft boiled marker to be inaccurate if your goal is semi-solid "spreadable" eggs.
When I put eggs in a pot, I pop it in as well and it is one hundred percent accurate.
It is such a pleasure to have eggs turn out exactly the way I want them.
I use mine all the time, and keep buying more to use for gifts.
I usually cook four to six eggs at a time and have a pan that is used for little else.
Best results when the eggs and water are left on the counter overnight so they are both at the same temperature to start with.
Place in a pot just large enough to hold the eggs without crowding, and just cover with water.
Three minutes will make nice soft boiled eggs, and five minutes will make hard boiled eggs without a black border on the yolk.
If you follow the same procedure each time, you'll have uniform and delightful results.
I've had mine for years now and I just bought two more as gifts.
I would have no idea how long to leave them in for and would certainly forget all about the eggs without this.
This little timer is a nice tool, makes perfect eggs each time.
I used to over-cook my hardboiled eggs but this definitely helps with that problem.
I have used this item for years, and it is foolproof.
I have also given at least a dozen as gifts, and gotten nice feedback from recipients.
My model is at least 23 years old, and looks and works just like it did right off the original card.
I've used this item to make boilded eggs for about a year now with great success.
I used to time my eggs, but I have found this to be more reliable, especially for soft.
It's easy to overcook a soft-boiled egg and this little thing is surprisingly accurate.
I have used it with both Jumbo and Medium eggs and they come out perfect every time.
My husband eats a low carb diet so he eats lots of boiled eggs and egg salad.
I kept under and over cooking the eggs and was very frustrated.
Timing the eggs by the cookbook just wasn't cutting it.
This has easily paid for itself since I no longer have to throw out undercooked boiled eggs!.
The only thing is you have to keep a watch on it yourself because there is no noise to let know the time is up.
I wish I'd gotten one a long time ago.
You have to keep an eye on this timer.
It is more convenient to set your ringer/timer.
It does correspods with the minute timer and it works.
Turn the heat off, remove the pan from the burner, and cover the pan.
Allow the eggs to sit in the water until they're as done as you like.
(So, you won't be trying to see the markings on the egg timer through boiling water!).
It starts turning black at the rims and continues its way inwards as eggs get harder.
The bottom is flat so that it doesn't move around/flip over in the water.
You can set ANY timer for eggs, set it to X amount of  minutes and you will have eggs.
But other things can change the effectiveness of it, i.e.
But that's the best part about this item it's not really a timer.
This tells you EXACTLY what is going on in the egg because it is actually cooking like one.
It makes a great gift for weddings or house warming gifts too.
People are always interested in it when they are left on their own to boiler their own eggs, haha.
I never boil my eggs without the Egg-Perfect Timer.
So easy to use, just put them in with the eggs.
When the ring reaches the doneness you are looking for, take the pot off the stove.
It looks like a gimmick but it really works!.
A little hard to know the indicator (purple it turns out) changed color properly but after a couple of times very nice to use.
Prior to purchasing this, whenever I made hard or soft boiled eggs, it was a gamble whether they'd come out as I wanted them.
Now, I just add this item to the water and, voila, they come out perfect every time.
No smell noticed, as other reviewers mentioned, so I don't know what happened with theirs.
I was skeptical at first but wanted to try.
It will tell you when you get your eggs done at the hardness you want them.
It's the simplest things in life that give me the most joy,  put eggs and timer in a pot of water.
boil water until timer darkens to your specific needs.
I had one before, lost it, and missed it.
I am very happy to have a new one.
Based on other reviews, I purchased this for me and for friends as gifts.
I have used it twice and it works perfectly.
I prefer my eggs hardboild when the egg timer is completely darkend.
So it is not only convenient, but it will also make my lifestyle a little bit more healthy.
I've used this egg timer many times and my eggs always turn out perfect.
I'm surprised some say it has a plastic chemical smell to it.
My brother-in-law made deviled eggs for Thanksgiving and his eggs were overcooked (green around the yolks) even though he followed a recipe for boiling eggs.
I made a macaroni salad tonight and used this timer for my eggs.
Once again, absolutely perfectly cooked yolks with no green tint.
The Norpro Egg Rite Timer has never failed me.
It is perfectly accurate every time I use it.
Drop it in the water, and know EXACTLY what stage of done-ness your eggs are at any time.
It works without fail, it's easy to clean, is too small to create clutter, and it's inexpensive.
What else could you want?  You should definitely buy this, unless you don't boil eggs.
I was actually hesitating about buying this product, but it actually worked for me, I like it and I use it very often, highly recommended.
The edge turns brown as the temperature goes up.
You can even learn how to read between the stages.
I like my soft boiled eggs when the timer shows just past the soft cooked indicator.
This egg timer times my eggs perfectly, but the 'cooked' part of the timer never seems to fade away completely.
Reading other reviewers' comments has me wondering how long this would last.
Never had a problem with this item at all and I use it every time I make boiled eggs.
Highly suggest buying this if you love to make boiled eggs.
When I was a little girl my mother had one of these.
I loved it so much that she gave it to me when I left home.
My children grew up using it, and then it disappeared one day.
I saw it here on Amazon and had to buy it.
Love ordering from Amazon, they never let me down!.
I love hard boiled eggs, but hate the guess work.
As for the product, it is very helpful for the old ways of making your hard boiled eggs, and now you have choices.
We had NO such stench, perhaps it is hit or miss with each timer...ORIGINAL:OMG.
:-) When I got this in the mail, I immediately went to the fridge and pulled out 6 eggs.
Put the Egg Rite Egg Timer in, added my water and set it on the stove on Hi.
Once it started boiling, set the temp to Med-Hi; as usual.
Waited some more, got side tracked a little (only by 5 mins tops) came back and the Egg Timer was completely black.
I thought OMG :-( I screwed up, I ruined it all.
The only nicks to my perfect whites came from my fingernail on one of them, when I wasn't paying attention.
Then came the moment of Truth.Paring knife in hand I sliced one in half.
Even with a timer I've always wondered just how well done my boiled eggs were.
Put this in the water with the eggs and you'll know exactly how well done your eggs are.
Plop it in with a spoon when the water begins to boil, then plop in the eggs.
I say almost because sometimes they get closer to medium.
Gotta be on your toes and get them off the heat.
I mean, just sitting in their own heat will take them from soft boiled to medium boiled.
Works every time! got this as a stocking stuffer and sort of ignored for a while, then tried one day and now I'm hooked.
No more trying to estimate when the eggs are done.
Just put it in the water and it turns dark on the line for the doneness you want.
I like my eggs undercooked so I can dip my toast in the yolk.
The egg timer came in good condition and fast delivery.
I didn't think it would work but it really works it turns black when the eggs are hard boiled.
I will buy from this seller againThank youTeresa Zermeno.
I love these suckers so much that I bought two more to give away as presents.
You will not regret buying these unless you just don't eat boiled eggs that much.
But if you make egg salads, or eat boiled eggs regularly, you NEED this.
A timer will not help you like these!!!  Trust me on this one!.
I went looking for a kitchen timer for my nephew when I came across this little beauty.
I read the reviews, liked what everyone said, didn't know they have been around for a zillion years and said why not.
I needed to make deviled eggs for Christmas snacking so I would give it a try and the price was good.
I bought 3, one for me and 2 for gifts.
First let me say, NO SMELL.....as other reviewers have stated....Perfect eggs...I'm a happy camper.
Worth every penny..and money saved, thanks to Amazon.
I have had one of these for many years and bought this one as a gift for someone else.
Its like magic the eggrite is pefect 100% of the time.
It is a simple idea but well excuted.
I wish that I could cook a steak with the same consistncy of making the perfect egg.
Really if you make eggs you have to have an egg rite you will not be disappointed.
The picture on the bottom is not the "Little Piggie" (as is shown), it is a 3/16" checkerboard pattern.
It's heavy as it should be, the handle is not designed weird and doesn't cause you to burn youself, and it does it's job.
I don't eat bacon much, but I use it for grilled sandwitches and other foods I want to press down.
It's cast iron, so you don't put it in the dishwasher and need to keep a light coat of oil on it at all times.
For those who had problems cleaning it I don't know what to say.
Yes, there are small areas to get into.
but I clean as I use it, so it's never been a problem.
This thing is great! Bacon cooks twice as fast with the pressure and the heat the product holds.
This does help to keep bacon and other items flat whilst cooking.
I wish I had more but they are a bit pricey so I move it around during cooking.
I'll probably use it for burgers and steaks too! The weight and craftsman ship is good, I like it, and its a keeper!!.
Does want it supposed to, makes that bacon come out perfect.
Helps with other meets as well.Only downside is the cool graphic on the bottom makes it a little harder to clean.
They do not shrink when using this either.
We make our own egg bacon muffins for breakfast.
This presses the bacon just right for it to sit on the sandwich.
Seriously, I like it for what it does, makes my bacon flat and fully cooked.
We have a grill press just like this and bought this one for our friends.
They also love it and use it every time they cook bacon.
I did not want to buy a Panini maker because I have a grill pan but needed a weight to place on the sandwich.
I have not tried it as a bacon press yet, but I will.
I remember seeing one of these when I was a child but had not seen one in many years.
It is cast iron and will probably last a lifetime.
I make a low fat grilled cheese with PAM.
I pray one side of the bread heavily, put it onto the pan, place the cheese in, put the weight on, wait, lift, check.
This works so much better than my plate with rock that I had resorted to recently.
Was jazzed about getting this bacon press and said that it would become a family heirloom, that the children would fight over one day.
This is a Christmas gift I have not used it myself.
I looks like it will do the job as stated.
I have not used this yet due to the fact I have not &#34;seasoned&#34; it yet.
Looking for the right on so I do ruin it before I even use it.
I am married to a typical MAN who has to have his bacon, and I have tried other presses only to be disappointed.
This one is prefect though! It is just about the right size for standard bacon strips and heavy enough to hold them down.
Just clean the best you can and be happy with what you got or just hang it on the wall.
Our family loves this press.Be Well Cook Well!.
This is a nice kitchen tool; well-made and a good size.
The first time I used this pounder I gripped it with my hand resting on the base, and my hand really hurt afterwards.
So I filled out a return form and planned on returning it.
But then I looked at the box and realized I was holding it wrong.
On the box, the person is holding the TOP of the handle, not the bottom.
So I tried it that way -- and it worked great, with no pain whatsoever.
Rather, you can basically let it drop onto the meat you're pounding and let the weight of it do the work.
Having figured out how to use this pounder I think it works really well.
I teased my wife when she wanted yet another meat mallet.
I own several and they work well enough.
Now this one is my favorite.It is much heavier than one would expect and that makes it work much better than I would have thought.
My old pounder did not weigh enough to do the job right.
i bought this for the wife who was going to flatten meat with one of those tenderizer hammers...NOT ON MY CUTTING BOARD !.
this is my favorite kitchen utensil!  throw away your hammer-thingy right now and get this!this guy works so much better.
There is no need to hit the meat.
To pound out a chicken breast or a piece of pork, I used to use a cast iron skillet.
Problem was, the skillet was awkward, hard to control and very heavy.
This piece is still fairly heavy but with the vertical handle, and it's size, it is simple and easy to work with.
I like that it's a smooth surface and doesn't rip the protein apart.
It is not a tenderizer for penetrating the protein.
Easy to keep clean, pounds out meat evenly without tearing it.
I also find that it is less stressful on my wrist with reverberation when using.
I had been looking for a nice mallet that can go through the dishwasher.
I was tired of hand-washing mine and the dishwasher is more sanitary.
This is a great product: nice and heavy and does a fine job.
Pounder does not take much to achieve the desired results.
I've tried other types and brands but I like the ease and handling of this style.
I bought this to replace an old one that I gave to my daughter.
This meat pounder is the best I have tried.
It is quite heavy, but the up and down motion is easier on my wrists than the traditional hammer styled ones.
I use my frequently for pounding boneless chicken.
The Norpro pounder is efficient and results in very even pieces.
This has the right weight distribution for my hands.
It has a solid feel to it and you don't have to pound the heck out of your meat.
It allows you to be gentle with you cuts of meat but it gets the job done.
I have a hammer type, but I didn't like it, so I never used it.
Then I finally bought this one, and it works great.
I like this version of a meat pounder.
This thing weighs a lot, so you don't need to use a lot of force to flatten what you are pounding.
Just be careful you don't get your fingers in the way.
Easy to use and clean, we eat a lot of boneless chicken breasts and wanted a way to even out the meat.
This is heavy duty and seems well crafted.
Like that it's stainless steel with a good weight to it.
We've had the old-fashioned wooden mallet for years.
I've never been thrilled with it, but I did not know there was any other design out there.
It was hard to pound the chicken or beef into an even thickness, and it was hard to clean.
I wish I had found it years ago.
This is a heavy pounder--the first time we used it was on chicken boneless breasts.
Oh, my! The final cooked product was the best we'd tasted.
Imagine using it on a less-expensive cut of meat!.
I used to fight with chicken breasts trying to use other items instead of purchasing a meat pounder.
Now that I broke down and bought this one, I have no issues.
It pounds out nicely, and with the weight of it, takes no time at all.
I don't know why I didn't purchase this sooner.
Use it all the time with chicken breasts to stuff them, and works nicely for beef also.
love that it also can go in the dishwasher.
This is the best meat pounder I have ever used, and I have used several.
It is dishwasher safe and i love it.
This is a nicely heavy pounder with a good, grippy handle.
If you are making schnitzel, chicken marsala, or any pounded-out cutlet, this will do the job.
Saute in a mixture of oil and butter in a nonstick pan.
When chicken is done, remove to a heated plate.
Add in the lemon juice and capers and deglaze pan.
Season to taste with salt and white pepper.
I couldn't wait to try out this meat pounder, so I used it the day after receiving it.
It is a great kitchen tool, and I am sorry that I did not have one years ago.
It certainly made flattening my chicken breasts easy work.
This tenderizer is easy to use, heavier than I thought it would be, and does the job - great value.
It's also comfortable in your hand, keeping it in a more natural position than the standard hammer-style tenderizers.
I was somewhat hesitant to order this because of the weight and handle placement, fearing it would be hard on my wrist, hand, and arm.
To my great delight it is easier and less difficult to use than my other models with the traditional hammer design.
I find I don't even have to apply a hammering motion, the pounder does it for me.
I simply placed it on the meat and pressed, almost an ironing motion, exerting very little pressure.
I even went so far as to simply lift it and let it fall onto the meat.
Takes far less toll on my wrist and arm than previous types I've tried.
It instantly flattened the meat without any tearing.
I would highly recommend to anyone, but especially those of us without great arm or hand strength.
I was a little worried after reading how this pounder was &#34;hard on the wrists&#34;.
It does the job with little effort required and is fairly ergonomical.
Read about this pounder on America's Test Kitchen, and thought that I'd give it a try, and I am very happy.
It has great coverage (because of the diameter), easier to use (because of it's well-balanced weight.
not too heavy, not too light), and a rubberized handle.
Someone knew what they were doing when they designed this one!.
I generally use it to mash up walnuts.
I haven't used this, but can already tell it will be a huge improvement on my previous, old-fashioned hammer type meat pounder.
The heft and balance make this really easy to use and effective.
Takes only a few slaps to flatten a chicken breast.
Much easier to use than the can of beans I was using to pound pork cutlets.
Another one of those items recommended by America's test kitchen and I am not disappointed.
This pounder is heavy but comfortable to hold and it takes very little effort to flatten out chicken thighs for quick cooking.
I purchased based on Cook's Illustrated review and it meets all expectations.
The weight is great and it is comfortable to hold.
I have had this for a couple of years now and I really like the way it works.
I had a hammer like pounder before this purchase.
It covers a larger area and is very heavy which is an advantage.
Pound your chicken flat & try making different recipes.
I bought two of these, one for the beach house, and one for home.
It is very heavy and high quality, but not so heavy that it can't be handled by someone without a lot of lifting strength.
Excellent pounder!  Good solid weight to it and love the grip handle.
Item arrived on time and in good condition.
Have been wanting one of these for awhile and it sure will make things easier.
I was tired of trying to flatten chicken using a cast iron frying pan.
I saw this pounder on America's test kitchen and decided to buy it.
It works and feels great, much smaller than the frying pan and just as good, if not better.
This is the only pounder I've used but I really like it.
It's marvelous for making schnitzel and it gets the meat very thin.
This is just the perfect weight and size.
The metal is slightly rounded under the handle so your hand fits closely to it without smooshing your fingers.
We primarily use this to pound out pork and after using this product I wouldn't recommend using anything else.
It's just a meat pounder so there's not much to be reviewed about it other than it feels durable and does its intended job.
This kitchen tool is ideal for tenderizing meat, thinning out sirloin for carpaccio and chicken for basil and mozzarella stuffed chicken breasts.
I like that it's made well, very heavy, and from a solid piece of stainless steel.
It washes up very easily and doesn't have issues with water collecting, because it's only seam (visible in the picture) is extremely tight.
I've been very happy with this tool and would happily recommend it.
I finally decide to buy something made for the job.
I too found about about this from America's Test Kitchen.
I had an old tenderizer we used for pounding out meat.
The problem was that it tore up the meat.
This doesn't it does a great job of flattening without leaving ragged edges.
It is also easy to have get the pieces to a consistent thickness.
It's nothing fancy but it is heavy and looks to be well built.
For those that like to pound meat, this is the one that gets the job done every time.
Once you use this one you will never go back to pounding your meat with anything else.
Purchased this after reading the reviews on America's Test Kitchen Site.
Nice weight, feels good in the hand and easy to clean up.
Nice quality!!!!  Have lots of scallopini plans for this little kitchen gadget too.
This Norpro pounder is easy to use and control.
Rightfully judged the " Best Meat Pounder" by Cook's Illustrated.As with all previous orders Amazon delivered it promptly and in excellent condition.
great pounder when you have pound your chicken veal lamb  very easy to clean  buy it and enjoy  made very well.
The hefty weight of this meat pounder is ideal.
For most meats very little effort is needed to get the job done.
A gentle tap or two are all that's needed for hamburger, for example.
Does the job well and doesn't take up too much room in the kitchen.
Have used it on chicken breasts and cashews, works great and is very well made.
I have a tenderizing pounder but not a smooth one.
This fits the need perfectly! We made pork loins cut in half and pounded thin then lightly breaded and cooked in olive oil with spices.
The pounder did its job without tearing the meat and cleanup was a snap, easy to wash and dry.
Easier to store than my old mallet and much better control...great quality good price.
It was America's Test Kitchen choice and I totally agree.
So much easier than those mallet types!.Highly recommend it.
I hand wash it but seems good quality.
I've used it (of course) to pound chicken breast, and it made quick work of that.
Fits well in my hand, and is easy to clean.
Pretty heavy duty - not like another other little plastic hammers or anything like that.
Definitely keeping this in my kitchen arsenal! :).
I have been trying to get by with other "hammer" type pounders or cast iron frying pans.
This is the perfect shape and weight to pound meat.
It is very comfortable to hold and use.
I had the kind that looked like a mallet and it used to either pulverize meat or not do anything.
This one is heavier and so much easier to use.
The Norpro Stainless Steel meat has been used several times to pound chicken breasts to a more uniform size to cook more evenly.
It is easy to use since you can regulate the force used to pound the meat thin and easy cleanup.
This style of pounder allows a little more control over the normal hammer style.
I get local honey in a pint jar and it always makes a mess.
The lid didn't seal which let ants get in and it was still drippy a mess.This one has been great.
We don't use honey a lot but I keep it on the kitchen table for breakfast and hot drinks.
and you can wipe off the bottom with a rag.
I've had it about 6 months but don't use it every day.
My guests that are honey users love it too and ask where to get one all the time.
It takes them a minute if I don't show them how to use it but they get it and don't make a mess!.
Pondering back and forth on whether to get this after reading other reviews, I decided to go for it.
Every other honey dispenser I had was SLOPPY so my reasoning was that it couldn't get worse.
It is a minor issue and is only slightly troublesome when you need to fill it.
You can either set the opening on a towel on the counter or while holding it, place a finger over the hole.
I have become quite proficient at the latter and fill the dispenser with little mess.
The alternative would be to go back to the other much more sloppy dispensers - nope, not happening.
To dispense the honey, simply press down on the handle.
When you release it, the honey flow stops immediately and there are no drips.
Needs just the same cleaning as other dispensers.
Makes a great conversation item at my dinner table as no one has ever seen one.
Follow proper instructs and care and you will get best results without touching any honey.
Works great, if it gets a little clogged, just add warm water to the base.
But the chrome top does not seem to be best quality metal.
It is also very cute, but it is not easy to fill.
I wish they would provide a little plug to simplify filling.
I use honey to sweeten coffee and tea, and this little tool has made it much easier.
It doesn't get stuck around the lid like a traditional plastic bottle, and makes dispensing easy and clean.
I wish the lid was made of something more substantial, like stainless steel.
Just so it would be more esthetically more pleasing.
But I haven't had any issues with the function of the product so far.
Looks great on the table! Now you can have honey anytime you want!!!.
I tried hard to make this work for honey, including following the advice of a reviewer to place hot water in the bottom.
If I put in enough water to thin the honey's consistency, then the honey absorbed the water and was very thin and weak.
This may be my fault and her advice may work for others.
I normally heat honey briefly in the microwave to &#34;thin&#34; it, but since this is part metal that would not work.
I tried maple syrup and that was great, allowing for even spreading on the waffle.
I bought glass salad maker-shakers from Amazon (Good Seasons) for heating the honey in the microwave.
This is what I had been doing before, but I broke the glass container.
I was so tired of the drips and leaks from my old-fashioned honey dispenser.
This little gem is easy to fill and dispenses beautifully.
When drips build up in the base, simply add hot water and brew some tea.
This is a great addition to my home goods.
Would recommend this to anyone who doesn't want a mess on their table.
Much neater than a squeeze bear, a dipper, or a pitcher.
The honey comes out fast enough without putting any hot water in the bottom.
Some other reviewers have complained that it was slow.
Maybe it is the type of honey I use? The top is chrome colored plastic.
Metal would have been better, but it seems to be pretty durable.
Yes, you have to cover the hole at the bottom when you fill it (Duh).
Then you could just leave the dispenser in the bottom section to fill it without making a mess.
Just fill it in and close the cap.
Maybe a drop of honey will mix with the water at the bottom.
Just throw that away, quickly rinse the base and its all done.
I'm even eating more cereal due to the ease of using my new dispenser.Highly recommend it.
I bought this for a gift but my husband thought it was for him.
He filled the container with honey and daily raves at what a wonderful dispenser it is.
His only disagreement is the pot is small and needs refilling often.
We use honey instead of refined sugar in the house.
If a larger one is made, I want to know.
We ordered two, one a ceramic which is now the gift.
These are really neat little contraptions, because the grated cheese goes into the little box and not all over the cabinet.
I bought them for my daughters and will get one for myself too.
I even gave one as a gift and loves it too.
This is an excellent little grater that comes with almost everything you would want for a small jobs.
Redistributes juices as the roast is turned, keeping the meat moist.
I ordered this Norpro Nonstick Adjustable Roast Rack to place Turkey and Turkey breasts on to bake.
It is sturdy when set up for the roaster and adjustable enough to fit about any pan.
It is nonstick, sot it can go it the dishwasher to clean up easily.
It cost only the price of $7.39 delivered free with my Prime membership, so I give it 5 stars for it's usability and cost.
It fits perfectly in my oval roaster pan.
Clean up was easier than easy (I did spray it with vegetable oil first).
I had the old roasting rack but it didn't have the nonstick coating which makes it easier to clean.
This fits in most of my pans and allows juice to drip for use to make gravy.
Perfect!! I used this mighty little rack to hold a 25# turkey in a large roasting pan and it works GREAT!!.
I've had this rack for years & love it.
Fits everything from prime rib to a small turkey.
(If you cook a boneless roast, you need a rack or you'll end up stewing it.
If it's -really, really- bad, put it in the dishwasher and take it out mid-cycle and scrub it, as above.
Put it back in and finish the cycle.You won't be disappointed.
I used it for my Thanksgiving Turkey...I was not feeling well, so I did not prep the rack at all.
I took my bird, (partly frozen) put it on the rack, turned my roaster on and went for a nap.
I use this rack any time I cook a roast in the oven.
It is adjustable so you can change the height of your meat as needed.
Folds flat for storage, and is small enough it fits standing upright along the side of my bottom cabinet.
A very good size for us, and so many adjustable bits I think we could do any size meat the oven would contain.
I was looking for a roasting rack that was dishwasher safe but was unable to find one, so I settled on this.
After cooking my first roast on it, it was hard to tell that this thing had even been used--it was still clean-looking.
It just took a quick wash to get it ready for the next use.
This nonstick adjustable roast rack works perfect in my roasting pan.
It keeps the meat off the bottom of the pan and out of the grease.
They stick a tiny bit but is not a problem.
I love them for my home day care.
The kids think that they are great in the morning.
I have three Children who love these things!  We've used them to fry eggs, make pancakes everything we can think of.
These are awesome as long as you remember to spray them with some kind of nonstick backing spray.
They are cute and fun, and I would repurchase.
My children love it when I make pancakes with these awesome little pancake molds.
The trick is to not fill them with too much batter.
Using them in my home for my day care kids as well as my grand kids.
They love them and think it is great.
I spray them with nonstick spray as a counter measure and they release eggs, pancakes, etc.
with ease making clean up a snap.I would recommend for griddle preparation.
It's definitely an art form, but, once you get it, they are pretty cool.
We have hearts and a Mickey Mouse shape one as well.
I find these fun to use for eggs and pancakes.
They look so pretty on serving plates and on dishes.
Kids enjoy eating pancakes and fried eggs that are cooked in different shapes.
I would use a measuring cup with a pour spout.
For eggs, I would carefully break one egg at a time into the measuring cup and then pour it into the ring.
Be sure to use a seasoned or nonstick griddle or frying pan, at the proper temperature.
Be sure to hand wash them with a mild liquid detergent.
I bought this for my grand daughter who loves pancakes and request them when she comes to visit me which is often.
I thought I would surprise her with these.
The Spano vertical poltury racks say they're non-stick, but the coating wears off VERY fast and is very hard to clean.
This rack is &quot;as-advertised&quot; and really does clean up easily.
Also, since it disassembles, it is much easier to store.
Cleans up in the dishwasher after you remove the char.
Bowl holds a 5 lbs Chics fat w/o a drip.
Cooked a 5-6 lb duck it fit nicely and cooked very well an is really easy to clean and put away.
The chicken tastes good, has little fat and cooks quickly.
Very easy to assemble and disassemble, this rack is convenient and simple to use.
Definitely recommended for those of you who like to make homemade pasta!.
Does what it is supposed to do well, and stores in a relatively small amount of space.
It frees up a lot of counter space.
But when I make big batches it's not enough, so I will probably be ordering another one.
Thought the base was a little wobbly, but then realized that I screwed it in reversed.
LOL Its a nice accompianment to the KA KPRA rollers i bought.
This is only the second time I've made my own pasta noodles and this rack definitely made it MUCH easier this second time around.
The size is perfect for a good quantity of noodles.
If you are making a bunch of pasta, you might want to buy 2 of these.
My concern when ordering this was that it was going to be too small to do a big batch of pasta.
Somehow the photo, without it being placed beside anything to give it size relation, made me worry it would be too small when drying pasta.
These are long dowels and rods so I just place them at the edge of a drawer and they are all together.
I do not find it yet on Amazon but I got it at Williams Sonoma with a wedding gift certificate.
No more having my counter full of flour I roll out my pasta and drape on the rack.
Not complicated to put together which is great that I don't need an engineering degree.
I thoought that i wouls not need this but with pasta you need the rack or everything sticks together.
If you make homemade pasta (or are thinking about doing it), and pasta drying rack is very important.
The first time I made pasta without one, I quickly ran out of counter-top space.This drying rack is easy to put together (about 1-2 minutes).
The main pole screws on to the base, and each wood arm slides into a horizontal hole in the main pole.
It's not a big deal, but you have to be careful when hanging the pasta.
finally a place to put my pasta to dry.
wish it broke down for storagev a little better but otherwise a nice product that does the job.
OK, you have a decently wide, stable base.
Fresh egg pasta is nearly weightless - I roll and cut 40g sheets on my Atlas Marcato.
Spaghetti or fettucine (stock cutters) - doesn't matter.So I poke no more than 1/2&#34; of the dowel through the hole.
Balance? Who needs it?Love this rack, best one ever.
I'm just learning how to make pasta from scratch.
This works great, and is easy to assemble and disassemble for easy storage.
Easy to push together, comes apart for compact storage, this little rack is the ideal place to drape everything from lasagna noodles to angel hair.
I am a novice pasta maker yet avid home-cook.
I just got into making pasta with my new gadgets the;Omega Masticating JuicerandMarcato Atlas Pasta Maker.
After about 30 minutes into making the pasta I noticed my linguini started to curl at the ends and dry up.
I immediately got worried that the egg in the pasta might spoil if they dried up.
After reading some articles I felt comfortable leaving the pasta on the drier over night.
It stores away because the rods are removable.
I am reserving a 5 star rating because it is a bit awkwardly shaped as the bottom is big.
What a help to dry pasta after laying all over wax paper and the counter whether you have counter space or not.
Nice pasta rack! It is extremely helpful having a place to put your pasta when you are finished cutting it.
It is re